Cheap
High quailty print, good speeds.
Quality of prints, speed, price, ease of use
Low annual cost, brilliant photo colors, sharp clear text.
Prints out pictures well.
Whisper-quiet, lovely print quality, relatively fast
Excellent printing photos
Superb,sharp color picture/text. Quiet. A tad faster than the norm for under $200.
Great photo quality, affordable price, not a space-hog.
Wonderful images, high speed, and easy to use!
Awesome prints, photo process quality, has color &amp; b/w at the same time.
User Friendly in all aspects
Quiet, fast, great color quality
Fast, quiet and the ink actually lasts.
Price; Speed; Quality
Very quiet. Low ink indicator
Good printer for the money. Sharp images.
Solid Construction, Quiet
Very clear and sharp, inexpensive, light, USB, Tech support, long lasting cartrages
Low cost good quality.
Cheap, effective, perfect for a college student.
Quiet, Quick, Fold up Paper Tray
Easy to use, options, foolproof, good price for what you get, decent speed, color, and memory
It's comparatively inexpensive, fast, and has great print quality
Quality and price
USB and Parallel, Excellent print quality
great price, best quality 
Photo quality color, can monitor ink levels
Good output quality, reliable paper feeding, inexpensive
vivid color pictures, sharp black text
great looking prints, fast, quiet
Cost, Speed, Quality, Service
Great,  Cheap
bang for the buck
GREAT photo quality, fast printing, quiet
great for photos,quiet
great printer for the price!!!
Great Quality. Small Design. Small Price Tag.
Print Quality, Price, and Efficiency
excellent print quality, low noise, auto maintenance
Quiet, fast, inexpensive
great quality printing, great price, many fun features
Great quality, great speed, durability
Speed, Noise
Reliable and affordable
good quality and speed for the price
fast, good quality, quiet, efficient
Good combination of features/price/quality
Great quality, easy to use
cant think of any
Worked after being dropped
no paper jam, durable, cheap, photo quality
Speed, Quality, Reliability
USB or Parallel compatible.
Excellent Print Quality, Quick and Easy to Setup and Use
nice body, paper tray fold up, two sided accessory
Excellent resolution, good speed, great features
easy to install, good quality printing
Excellent color and sharpness,  piece of cake to operate
Great quality
Text print speed, nice color prints for &amp;lt;$200
Great print quality and relatively fast
Great speed, color printing, and very quiet.
Fast, Quality, Price
Super easy to set up, cartridges last longer than comparable models, good quality
Very Quiet, Sharp Clear Printing
Great quality, nice features, decent print speed.
Quiet, excellent quality for the price, Durable, and a great low price
Excellent print quality. Price. Handy bundled applets.
Reliable, sturdy printer, awesome text quality, job cancel button. Quiet!
Clean and quiet
picture and text quality, price, no paper jam, can use parallel or usb cable.
Quiet, Many Features, Compact (Paper Tray folds up for more work room), great price
Great color pictures, fold up paper tray, fast.  HP!
Excellent print quality for an ink jet. fairly compact with a fold-up paper tray.
clear colored printing; quiet printing
Very crisp text printing. Vibrant Color Usage. Photo Printing is exceptional.
Decent quality printing, GOOD PRICE, fast, quiet.  SMALL IN SIZE.
Great color and text.
HP brand
Low price, good quality, feature-loaded drivers, integral power supply.
Very Fast, Photo quality-WOW!
Fold-up paper tray; very quiet; good speed; excellent output; price
Fast, quiet, easy to use, not too expensive
Quiet, compact, ease of use. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Price, print quality, ease of use
Good print quality
Speed not bad for home use, reliable
QUIET, fast, inexpensive, easy to use interfaces, bright colors, USB capability
fast, quiet, excellent output, compact, sturdy, USB or parallel, Dos compatible
Inexpensive, sharp color printing
Name, speed, price.
prints 9 pages a minute,7.5 pages a minute in color
The price, the speed, the quality, HP printer reliability, low cost printer consumables
Price, General reliability, Dual interface, Output quality, quiet, quick for the money.
great images, inks refilled easily, inexpensive
Price, Print Speed, Size, Look, Sound
Affordable performance.  Easy installation.  Bang-for-buck.  
Quiet, black and white printing very fast
Easy to use, prints well
Inexpensive; quiet printing; good quality printing
good looking???
Easy to use, nice looking appearance, small size, prints beautifully, excellent price
Great photo print quality, extremely low price of printer
Inexpensive, great text quality.
Easy setup, fast printing, quiet printing, cartridges easy to change
Nice, Fast,
Print Quality; Speed; Value
Quiet, fast, looks nice
2400 x 1200 dpi for photo's/graphics; 600 x 600 dpi for text; 4MB built-in RAM
Clear, good-quality print jobs
it
HP Quality
Outstanding quality, Physical appearance is good, Easy to use, Good software
quick, quiet and cute
Marvelous quality prints, quiet, easy to use
Fast, color, prints an array  of things
Great looks, quality and price!
Great print quality, diverse paper tray, fast printer, HP warranty and quality, low consumables cost
Used to be a fine scanner
high quality, fast, 
Brilliant color and b/w printing, prints on photo size paper
Don't know
Great Quality
Prints quickly, great color quality for the price, quiet, good looks, simple to use and set up
Solid printing, fast, quiet, long cartridge life
speed, quality, name
superb print quality on photo paper, quiet, keen blue laser
Very quiet, easy to setup, sharp characters and images.  
Efficient and quiet, inexpensive
Very Quiet. Front paper load
Great photo quality, average text quality.
Good Quality
Quality of text, Size
Great print outs,  Exceptionaly quiet
compact, photo  quality, quiet
Great output even on plain paper
Astounding Photo-quality prints, fast, quiet, sleek, economic (ink), versatile
Reasonable cost, Fast, great quality, cancel button.
ease of use and setup, high-quality output, fairly high ppm
Excellent photo quality
Printing quality for both photos and type is excellent
Great graphics
Speed / Incredible photo reproduction
quality color photos, fast, quiet
Easy to use, dependable, good quality.
Good value for cost
Fast, quiet and good photo quality
Ease of set-up, quality of photos
Very sharp and colorful prints. Easy to use. Quiet. Fast. Price Drop of $100.
Super quality print of photos and text!
Nice quality output, quiet, quick
Superb images of all types. Cartridges are a good value.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Quiet, fast, easy to use
good print quality regular and pictures
Excellent print quality, fast, good included software, quiet, inexpensive to operate.
Fast, Quiet, reliable, awesome print quality, Print head on cartridge.
Excellent color mode.
A lot of features.  Quality printing.
Size, speed, quality, looks, features, connection types (USB, Parallel)
Easy, have never had any problems with it.
Shreds paper quickly and efficiently
Fast, good print quality, easy install, 8mb built-in memory, 1 year warranty.
Great quality photo printing
Great photo quality prints
Great Quality Photo Prints, Cheap on Ink in the long run.
Easy to use, great results
Prints accurate pictures (in color and black/white), easy to use, efficient.
Inordinate sound effects in office.  Printed daylight hours so everyone could sleep.
quality, price, nice design, Photo Ret III&amp;#133;
High Quality Color Prints
Fast, fairly low cost
It prints fast, easy to set up, print quality is great, and Ink indicator
OK Printer for student/1st time user 
Very fast, sturdy, has large paper tray, reasonable price.
Ease of use, software installed without a hitch.
Great print quality, laser-like speeds, low cost printer consumables.
Excellent quality, fast, and reliable.  You have to get this printer!
Fast PPM output, great DPI for color, 2-sided printing (optional).
Fast and great resolution
Print quality, speed, not really expensive
Great quality printing for everyday printjobs and photos.
Fast printing, Excellent quality, Quiet and Great Price
Decent PPM, quality color, parallel or USB capable, nice options 
Fantastic Color Photo Printing, Auto-paper sensor, Fast Printing
Great printing speeds both B&amp;W/Color. Crisp photo quality
A very fast printer with brilliant photo quality.
Fast, high-quality output at an affordable rate!
Great print quality, laser-like speeds, low cost printer consumables.
Beautiful photos at a good price
Clear black text; nice graphics and photo printouts; solid construction and 150-sheet paper tray.
Speed, use of use, quick set up, two sided printing.
Output quality, speed, duplexing
Fast text output and superior photographic repro.
plug-and-play, double sided printing, color output, handsome design, quietness
excellent color and black print quality, compact, moderately priced
Double Sided Printing, Quiet,, Stable
Excellent print quality, fast
Very fast printing
Very good quality printing
Quality and accuracy
Very nice output. Quiet. Paper feed works well. Full-duplex.
Good quality print, easy extra features, quiet, cost efficeint, well designed
Quality... Speed...
B&amp;amp;W Print Quality, Speed, Reliability, Quiet, and Long-lasting Ink Cartridges
resolution, speed, technology
great printing quality, great ad features
Speed, low noise level, auto cartridge alignment, overall construction
Speedy printing, photo quality
vivid color pictures, sharp text
two-sided printing feature
crisp, clear photo realistic prints
Ink cost, 2X printing.
Quality print, relatively fast, duplex included, GREAT photos!
Fast, high quality color printing.
Great photo quality.  Very easy to use.
quality output, easy to use, affordable, great HP support
Auto dual sided feature, quiet, neat design.
Great picture quality! Double sided printing
speed, print quality
sharp-clear printing/ super quiet.  easy to set-up
Great general print quality.  Photo prints great on standard sized paper. 
Fast, great photo quality
It's A Professional Printer, You Can Print Photo Quality, It Has So Many Features
Double Sided Printing, High Speed, Many Print Options, Versatile
very sharp, high resolution, quick, 2 sided printing
Duplexing mode, excellent resolution, Fast!  Smaller footprint
Incredible text and photographic prints
Great print quality, holds up under frequent use
high printing speeds, excellent quality printing, made for most printing jobs.
super quality machine and so far has the HP reliability
Good quality, Good Price
Fast, Great Printing, Good looking printer, USB port
great quality, nice printing abilities
Exceptional print quality (both photo and text). Affordable Duplex Value.
Easy two sided copying, good quality printing
Excellent quality, great photo capability
high quality, very fast, 2 sided printing
resolution, automatic duplexing, looks nice
Quick and efficient with professional results. Capable of 2-sided printing.
print quality, speed, ease of use
Unbeatable, affordable, photo quality printing
Good Speed, High Quality Images
fast &amp;amp; Excellent Print Quality
double sided printing, speed
Nice features like 2 sided printing, excellent output
QUIET, convenient, great resolution and quality
everything
outstanding output, quick, quiet
Excellent quality and it's fun to watch the paper fly out after printing
Very sharp, professional looking print outs
12 pages per minute in black ink, 10 pages per minute in color, Smudge-resistant; fast drying ink, Beautiful photo-quality pictures.
fast,quality and paper saving double sided printing ability
Great Photos and two side printing
durablity, print quality
Very high quality at a low cost 
Quick and quiet printing, colorful copies I'm proud to send my customers
Live phone support, fax response; Web; one-year parts-and-labor warranty&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Very Nice Printer, Exceptional Speed
Very nice print quality. doublesided printing is also nice!
Good Printing Speed / Excellent Quality / Solid Construction / Easy Set-Up
Quality Printing Every Time
Two-sided printing, quiet, long lasting ink cartridges, envelope feed, quality print
Very fast
High quality prints, much improved speed from original PhotoSmart
Great color; resolution; quiet performance; speed; duplexing; HP quality
double-sided printing, high quality printouts, quiet
auto duplexing, quiet, fast &amp;amp; professional quality
Excellent color quality
speed, color quality
It's Fast and Quiet
Unbelievable photo quality; quiet; no warmup
Quality, speed, quiet
styling, print resolution, beautiful photo color, price, paper handling
Don't Hesitate
Duplex printing, dual connecting capability
fast, superb print quality
EVERYTHING!
fast, silent, nice design
Great Graphics, AUTOMATIC Two-Sided Printing, Fairly High Speed
High quality,easy, and quiet
great quality printouts on photos &amp;amp; text
Superior print quality on both plain and coated material. Quality construction. Quiet operation. Excellent customer service over phone and company web site. Prints on both sides of paper  automatically. 
Quality, Speed
Double side printing, quiet, fast
Superb Quality, Laser-Like Speed, Double Sided Printing
Great quality, speed, and professional looking.
Fast, quiet, prints beautifully, double-sided printing.
Fun Friendly Design!
High Speed, Very Quiet, Instant On Feature, Double Sided Printing
Awesome print quality, fast and quiet. Consistent color and tones.
Quick Easy Installation, 99% of hardware included, Name Brand, double sided printing, 10 pages a minute in color, and 12  pages a minute in black, Great Software
High Quality printing
Great Print Quality
Fast, crisp, reliable and good looking!
Speed, color,quiet, good text
Ease of use, quality
Quick, great color, great picture.
2400x1200!!  Feature packed
Great for photo prints
Quick, quiet, good price
Good quality in general
VERY VERY FAST!!! Photo quality
Prints documents fast
Good on all paper
Picture quality, price, two sided copies
good quality
really really good quality
High resolution printing of photographs, crisp document printing, adjustable feeds
double-sided printing, ease of use, low printer fluid warning light
fast, BEAUTIFUL printouts, great for photos
crisp, clear photo realistic prints
Outstanding Printer, Duplex, High speeds, small footprint
Good picture
Quickly prints up beautifully crisp color and black and white documents
photo-quality color, high speed, whisper quiet
read below
nice features
great quality
Automatic two-sided printing , USB compatible, Fast and silent printing, Exceptionally sharp plain-paper printouts.
Duplex attachment: great way to save paper.
Amazing Quality, Good Speed, And Quiet
The finest inkjet printer ever made in the history of the universe
Fast printing, Excellent print quality, HP warranty, duplex module, &amp; low price
Auto-Double Sided printing, great resolution.
Super print-quality, quiet, leaps, simply all around good&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
The HP DeskJet 970Cxi is a very good  to use on some computers.
Photo quality prints, prints nice and fast and its very quiet!
Very Nice Printer, Exceptional Speed
good price,nice pictures
High quality printing, in black and white, or color.
duplex printing, sharp text, good graphics
Easy to Use, Fast, USB Connectivity
Words printed are easy to read.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Prints at high speed
Ease of use, mac-compatible, attractive, affordable, value for money
double-sided printing, high quality printouts, quiet 
Extremely fast printing in Draft/Black mode. 2 sided printing
Great Overall Printer
Double sided printing, print quality especially on photos, tool-box, ease of use, speed using USB
Print quality, automatic 2-sided printing, USB or parallel
Duplex printing. HP reliability. Ease of use.
Excellent brand--printing always comes out legible.
High quality of printouts can print photographs, double side printing.
Double sided printing
Good print quality. Prints fast.  Great for home use.  
high resolution, great for photos
Very fast for high quality output. Very quiet
High quality photo printing as well as text and graphics.
good resolution, reliable company
Ink Pouches
Quick, clear printing with easy set-up.
Quick, unbelievable color photos.
VERY nice color and image quality.
Superlative Print Quality, quietness, speed, two-sided printing is fab
Magazine and photo-processing quality prints!
Everything, excellent photo quality
Name &amp; quality are great as always with HP.
BRILLIANT color, fast black, HP quality
It is a good quality printer
Crisp,clear photo realistic prints....
Good crisp black and white and great color.  Speed is very good.
Print and build Quality, speed, ink usage, quite, hi-capacity ink, double sided printing.
nice quality in grades of grey, color graphics, jam free, duplex attachment
great print quality, 2-sided printing, envelope feeder, GOOD price
Wonderful print and color quality.  Sometimes prints fast...see cons list
Fairly quiet as ink jets go, good color output, auto 2 sided printing.
quality, warranty, flexibility
fast, quiet, IR, great quality
Print quality and speed dramatically improved from our old printer
Well, it does look nice.
Quality, Speed
Ummm...I guess it didn't burn my books and try to make me help take over the world
Fast, reliable, great quality, lots of extras.
superb quality, excellent speed
Right Size, Great Features, HP Quality
Very fast and ink efficient, Decently priced, Great photo quality 
Great printing quality
Fast, crisp output, accurate colors, 2-sided printing, envelope feeder
Fast Printing,Some Cool gadgets for those who need them, low cost ink
Connectivity, software, speed, print quality, automatic two sided printing, paper recognition
Easy to install, easy to use, lots  of excellent features.
Super quiet 2 sided printing
Very fast text printing, Good quality pictures, , 2-sided printing, , Automatic Paper Type Sensor
Excellent print quality, Dual ink cartridges. 
Excellent picture quality.
Great print quality, Extremely fast printer (laser like speeds), HP warranty and quality, low cost printer consumables, Infrared sensor. Duplex module included!
fast, quiet, IR, great quality
Very fast output, good quality print, double-sided print capability
A fantastic Hewlett Packard Deskjet
Low cost, high quality and FAST!
Fast
Quick, quiet, easy to install
Quick, quiet, easy to install
Small and quick.
HP quality, quick, and sharp printing
fast, easy setup
Rugged, dependable, fast printing for complex jobs
Clean print, easy to use, fits on my desk
Easy to use, great quality and worth the money
Small size, Affordable, Print Quality &amp; Speed.
good print quality, easy to use, low cost
Inexpensive, Good print quality, Fast
Fast and trouble free
600 dpi, quick, text and graphics print well, accepts variety of media, horizontal paper tray
Excellent Quality, Low cost of Ownership, Fast, EASY
Solid HP quality that is lasting and high quality output.
Low cost and operation cost with HP quality printing.
Ultra fast printing, low price, small size, print quality, made by HP.
Small, fast, good quality print job, from HP.
Cost, HP name, works well until it breaks
professional quality printing, be as creative as you want to be.
Fast, sharp printing! Toner keeps going and going...easy to setup/use - attachments available
Rather fast, excellent service
Good for limited desk space. Fair print speed and good print quality
Small size, prints good copies
dependable, good quality
small , compact
When it prints a page without jamming and the ink doesn't smear, it looks great!
Fairly inexpensive, good laser-quality print.
Good print quality, 
Quality laser text and graphics... WHEN IT PRINTS
Text Quality, Print output very good
Nice print. 
Affordable, Easy to Use, Crisp Lettering
Very economical, clearly printed pages
Quality, speed, price.
I didn't pay for it. (Board of ed. did)
good printouts, scanner, copier, low maintenance
Sleek, simple, quick, quiet
Small footprint, easy set up.
Convenient,affordable,
fast, sharp, replaces your fax machine, very nice software
toner lasts 4000 pages, faster than inkjet
Fast, High Quality, Maintenance Free
speed is OK
can print/scan/copy
Cheap(ish!), Decent laser printer
All in one design saves space, power and money
compact, priced right, excellent print quality and quantity, coper
Nice design. Printer, scanner, copier in one. Fast and reliable.
fast &amp; clear printing
Laser printer. Size.
Very fast, sharp image, nice dpi
Good quality at a fair price
Flexability, HP reliability
fast print for it's size, multifunction
Excellent performance
Clear, crisp print.  Quiet operation. Decent Value. Small footprint.
many capabilities
Crisp text
High quality Print with low cost consumables
Print Quality &amp;amp; Reliability
Less maintenance cost than other printers; high quality rep
Fast, quiet, good print quality, and incredibly easy to setup and use. 
Well built, fully supported, easy to install and use, etc.
small size, very speedy, accessible, never any problems, is very helpful
Fast, good printing for most applications
Small, Fast Print Speed, Great Print Quality
easy install, reliable, networkable, good quality output
Quality...  Speed...
Small, Good Build Quality
Reliable, inexpensive to print.
easy to use, great quality, fast
Print quality, printing speed
quality print
high quality, inexpensive product
fast, powerful, easy to install
Excellent quality printing; very user-friendly
speed, quality, dependability
print quality
Great Quality, Very Reliable, Easy to Use
Great print quality, HP name.
Produces quality print jobs, scan images and copies
Everything
all in one, small footprint
Compact, excellent quality print, well-built
speed, multi function
Highly Reliable Printer With Few Maintenance Issues
Fast, Sleek, Compact, Top Quality
Small footprint, HP name.
Incredible print quality, lasting toner, and speed.
Good price on a personal laser printer. Crisp printing. 
Small, inexpensive, faster than ink-jets
HP, Easy to use, reliable, expandable, two paper exit paths, envelope support
fast and clear
When it works it is fast, high quality and has a small desktop footprint
Nice, white case.  Compact size.
Very Reliable! Easy to set up. 
Quality and Reliability
Good print quality, inexpensive, can be upgraded
nice, sharp image, fast!
Good prints, ok price, easy setup.
reliable, won't break
compact, fast, quiet
Reliability, Small Form Factor
Great laser printer for a single user
Small footprint; Easy paper loading
Small, easy to setup, simple software package. Cheap replacement cartridges. Inexpensive printing over time.
HP name, small footprint, low price
An overall good company.
compact shape, totally quiet energy saver mode, great text output
Fast and clean.&amp;#9;
nice new design, ease of use, flexible
USB and parallel ports for easy printer sharing
1200 dpi&amp;#13;&amp;#10;microfine toner
easy to setup, large paper bin, fast printing, PS level 2, USB
excellent print quality, amazing speed, cheap ink, nice design
excellent print quality, amazing speed, cheap ink, nice design
Horizontal paper feed, High resolution, relatively fast, relatively inexpensive
Good price.  Easy setup and good print quality.
It's an HP
Good entry level printer
Inexpensive, fast printing
Fast, Optional Networking, USB 2.0 compatible
PostScript Level 2 emulation, speed, compatibility, print quality
Very good resolution, quick printing, quite affordable, supports PC and Mac.
Speedy Printing, easy to use, price
Inexpensive, upgradable
Very fast text printing.
Fast, easy!
Prints fast, clean text, easy setup, great for envelope printing
Quick, Good Crisp Pages, Quiet
Excellent quality printer. Quick and easy to set up.  Large paper tray. 
Cheap, small, fast
Quick, high quality output
Easy to install - Problem free
Great for small workgroups. Quiet; prints quickly; few paper jams; sharp, clear printouts.
Quality of output; price; speed
Very Fast, Very Affordable, Cheap Toner, Great Text Quality, Mac Compatible
Crisp dark black text, excellent photo output, very speedy, very small
smooth, fast, compact, large paper tray
Pros don't matter if it jams virtually every time. 
FAST, great graphics, USB support
Fast, cheap, great B/W printing
Fast, Crisp Text, Outstanding Design.
Reasonable price, quick, quiet
Very Fast Printing for Both Text and Graphics, Mac and PC Compatible.
Great little printer for lower end print jobs
IR port, network-ready version (the TN), speed
High quality print, individual envelope feed, infrared connection (if you have that), comes with 8 meg of memory
It's an HP.  And it's not terribly expensive.
fast, great resolution
1200x1200 dpi, 10 pgs/min., Infrared, Cancel print job feature
Fast, reliable, versatile
Does normal text well
printer will last much longer
reliable, straight paper path, irDA 
Quality, Reliability, easy driver install.
great text printing, decent speed
Speed, Durability, Ease of Use, Cost
IR Port, Excellent Print Quality, Decent Speed
decent quality, good print, sort-of fast
it's an HP
Easy software. Postscript driver. IR port. Quiet.
Hearty little printer with long life, printing a wide variety of media
Excellent quality printing and never fails.
fast, great looking, inexpensive upkeep, great with labels, not envelopes
Sharp output, fast speed
Dependable and Professional Quality Prints
Crisp Text Output, Quiet 
fast, good PL6 images 1200 bpi.
Mac/Windows Autoswitch
reliable and economical in the long run
Dependable, good quality
Quiet, small footprint
Fast, versatile, excellent value for money
Multifuntional and easy to use and setup.
Space saver, high quality printing
Speed, Functionality, Look
Excellent printer hardware and software.  
A great all in one machine for the small office!!
A lot of functions, Physically attractive, Easy to use
good print quality
Very fast. laser quality printing and faxing 
Not many
Truly a workhorse for small office.
Fast, Easy To Use, Reliable, Energy-efficient
Many options, paper handling, multi-platform.
The printer is a nice, fast, compact printer
Quality of Image, Ease of Use
Fast, reliable, can handle network printing, inexpensive
good quality, easy to maintain, reliable
Low consumables cost.  Fast printing, and quiet.  Sturdy and reliable as a brick.
easy to set up, operate, all paper formats, superb quality
Fast, reliable, great for corporate office or SOHO
Excellent value, quiet, reliable.  Very good quality output.
Very durable. Stands up to abuse
Works hard and does it's job perfectly.
VERY Fast, Reliable Printer
Size, Dependability
Great paper handling, high quality, high volume
Very fast, versatility, quality print
great long lasting printer
Good perform
Fast and Reliable
very fast, very robust, very reliable, versatile 
fast, reliable, easy-to-use, easy-to-configure, just works kinda printer
Features (4050 Series), Panel Controls, Duplex available
Print is crisp and clear
quick to print, paper usually doesn't suffer 'crinkle effect'
I have to install these printers.  They are easy to install.
Beautiful sharp and consistant BW printing.
Blazing fast, sharp images
Fast, Durable, High Quality Printing
Sturdy, dependable, and compact.  Easy to use and maintain.
Relatively quick, durable
Fast, excellent connectivity, light on tonner
Lightning fast, great resolution, networkable
Nice and compact
Fast, Scalable, and Easy Software.
Great print quality, reliable and easy to set up. 
really fast, great text printing easy to use
Works hard, good print quality, decent speed
work horse
Takes a lickin' and keeps on tickin'
Built in network, 16MB memory and two paper trays
Fast engine, easy network setup,works with Win2K like a pro, great image quality!
Fast and high quality text, easy network connection
Fast, very clear, very reliable
Quality of output, Cost of consumables, Features
Speed, versatility, networking
fast,expandable,dependable
VERY high quality, great compatibility, ease-of-setup, volume capacity, and SPEED
Fast, high quality, reliable
Fast, high-quality printer that lasts and lasts...
Fairly fast printing for a small office use or personal laser printer.
Quick printing, Takes up very little desk space, reliable.
Small, upright, simple to use
Cheap, Reliable, compact
Reliable, inexpensive laser printer
Fast, high quality printing 
b&amp;w 600x600 dpi, text quality is good, image quality ok, light
reliable, easy to use
Size of printer, quality print
Excellent print quality especially for the price.
Steady, Reliable, Efficient and Versatile Printer
Small footprint - not a kluge, good print quality especially in photos.
it's an HP
Rugged, durable, withstands silly secretaries
small foot print
excellent as a paperweight
great quality, quick printing
Compact.  Especially clear printing capability.
basically none
Prints quietly, Good quality print jobs
Somewhat small footprint, and it is a true Laser printer.
Takes the place of four machines.
You don't need the software to use this printer
compact, easy to read instructions, great printing quality
all feature in one
all in one, great space saver...
Simple, Nice Looking, Quality Scanning and Printing
cheap price; stylish; good software
made by HP,4-in-1
none
Great Price, All the Features you want
Great all in one combo for the money.
print and scan quality decent
Good print quality, nice fax features
cheap and small
Multi-function convenience 
hey, it's four-in-one!
4 in 1
Lot of functions for the price, easy to use, great support 
None
price
It has a compact design
Accomplishes SOHO tasks fairly well
User Friendly
Everything at your fingertips
easy set up, does what it says it will.
versatility; durability
Printer/Scanner/Copier/Fax all in one
All-in-one is handy, great price, great quality
Good printer, copier, and ok scanner, good software with it
performs many tasks well, good price, not too bulky, reliable
4 functions, 
Multiple functions.
4-machines-in-1 - for a dirt cheap price.
Reliable; less expensive and easier to configure than buying individual components
cheap and small
It's not poisonous
The fax works
Looks really effecient
reliable, good color, easy to control
Price
Fast, easy to use, not expensive, dependable brand
Good value, versatile, combines many functions
Good reliable machine for limited amount of space and money.
Relatively Inexpensive to purchase
NONE
cheap and small, color faxing
Fax is nice and clean
Print Quality, Ease of Setup &amp;amp; Use, Price, Size
Very versatile
Cost efficient, dependable, great quality.
multi-functional
it can fax, print and copy
Saves Desk Space.  
Reliable, fairly easy to use. 
THE COLOR PICTURES ARE REALLY CLEAR AND TRUE! 
space saver
GOOD ECONOMICAL PRINTER FOR SMALL OFFICE OR HOME
Lots of features for the price range.
good quality &amp; numerous capabiities.
The fax feature, and scanning feature
Ease of use for all ages; suitable for home or office
no hassle, just works well
Inexpensive with tremendous versatility and HP quality
Easy to use and good quality prints.
compact, stylish, easy to use
It looks sleek,and offers multifunctions at a very good price.
GOOD ECONOMICAL PRINTER FOR SMALL OFFIE OR HOME
Fax works great.
cheap and small, color faxing
Ease of use
Performs well, has a lot of options
easy acess to important work getting done
works half the time
Features, size
purchased at a great price, easy to use, convienient
Multiple uses - fax, copier, color printer
Convienient, looks good,
Cheap, still works regardless of my abuses
cheap and small, color faxing
good color, durable , easy to use
ease of use, scanning options and included applications, size
it looks good and has good print quality
Good all around light duty machine
Simple software, inexpensive, great color rendering
"All in one", Takes up little space, Brand name, Quick
Decent quality, nice for home use as an all-in-one machine
Great quality All in One plus it will copy, fax, and scan legal sized documents.
Great ease of use with the walk up fax and as a copy machine.Fast scanning.
Does everything, great print quality
Fast and good print quality. Good paper handling.
Print Quality
Easy to hookup/install,, Easy to Use, HIGH quality printing, scanning, and copies
Print quality, ease of use, ink cartridge life, legal size paper capability.
Good print quality.
All-n-one functionality
Excellent features and physical layout.
WOW!!! This does everything and WELL. I freed up about 3 sq.ft. of counter space.
Great printing for a multifunction.  Card reader. Photocopying. Photo software
Replaced 3 machines. Good print quality. Great Scanner. ADF included
Fantastic photo printing when using premium glossy paper. Reliable machine.
Fast printing, great photos, good utilities, easy installation
A MACHINE YOU'LL FALL IN LOVE WITH
Excellent print quality, faxing and scanning.
Very effective, great special copy features, beautiful prints.
All in one. Fax,Copy, Printer. What else is there to say
good output quality
Good print from pictures and documents on your computer
Very reliable, easy to use, good overall in all functions
Good for scanning to Acrobat.
Great print quality, good color, easy to use
Looks very nice and idea of all-in-one is excellent.
Great Options 
HP quality, fast and excellent printouts, and easy to use.
Excellent design, great looks, excellent functionality, speed, quality, excellent copy function.
Good quality inkjet printer and color copier
Excellent quality in almost every area
Everything
Hardware
Easy to use, fast printing and copying, excellent print quality.
Good (intended) multifunctionality in a single device.  Decent InkJet copier
Print and scan quality; integration
Great scanning, great printing, excellent copying
print quality, ease of use
Clear and Simple
excellent value for the money
Simple to use all-in-one machine, great quality
features, speed, resolution, efficiency
printer, copier
Hardware
Less costly than buying all functions separately
Color Copying quality and options&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Color Printing quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
good price, great quality of copying and printing
Excellent quality and resolution&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to operate&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great support/warranty terms&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
3-in-1 
Quality of scans, prints and copies are great.
Great print quality, full featured, reliable, easy to use
Four high-quality functions in one unit.  Excellent quality copies.
Good quality output
Set's up easily, Looks OK - that's it.
High printing speed, easy to install, can print while scanning or receiving fax
Printing quality, Speed, Multitasking, Cost-effective, HP reliability
All in one, easy to set up &amp; use, great print quality
Excellent hardware (read the other reviews)
Excellent Quality for a LaserJet, Small footprint for the home office
Sturdy, well designed, fully featured.
All-In-One, Warranty, Quality, Easy-To-Use
Efficient machine with all the features you can want
Has all the bells and whistles, outstanding print quality
FAST PRINTING
Workhorse, never complains
lightweight
Good prints and reasonably fast.
Space saving design
Printer\scanner\copier\fax is perfect for the small business.
Combines four machines in one
Easy to use, good quality output, good speed
All in one, easy to set up &amp; use, great print quality
Great printer, scanner and fax
Great image quality, most things work as advertised
Nice multifunction machine for the price
4-in-1 printer, copier, fax, scanner
many features
Top notch quality throughout - and photo quality that looks like it came out of a darkroom
Excellent print , scan and copy quality
great images, speed, easy faxing
Quality of the printing both black/white and color, quality of the scanner, and the speed with which it produces a copy or sends a fax
It does everything!
Versatility, Tech support, ease of use
Small size and easy to use.
Decent quality scanning, 30 page auto document feeder, decent quality printing, cheap, good fax
Fast printing and scanning. Both are good quality. Sheet feeder is great.
Does it all and does it well
It is a copier, fax machine, printer &amp; scanner all in one.
An all in one solution for the home or office. 
12PPM (fast), flatbed, good color quality, sheet feeder
Contains fax, copier, scanner, and printer all in one, therefore takes up little space.
Output, speed, scanner &amp; fax functions, versatility
Versatile, with good features for a real-world office situation.
Easy to Use, Great Quality, All that you'd expect from an HP
Photo Quality Output, Perform Several Tasks At Once, Reliable
good resolution, relatively fast.excellent photo printing. a work horse.
A reasonably accomplished attempt at building an all-in-one machine.
flexibility, creativity, ease of use
good quality copies &amp;amp; prints, does all I need
Fast, quality printing, scanning, and copying!
Fast, Reliable &amp;amp; Great Quality
Just works... all functions work as advertised
great, reliable three-in-one machine, compact design
Multi-use capabilities that meet all of my business needs
Excellent quality and quantity for the price range.
fast printing, very high quality print and scans, can be optimized to paper type
Quick, fast warm-up, handy features.
Copier, scanner, printer all in one fairly quiet HP machine
versatile, great print quality and scans nicely
great printer and copier, multifunction and reasonably priced
great picture quality
Easy access to ink and paper trays
High quality, compact size, easy to maintain
Great quality and speed
COLOR Copy &amp;amp; Scan &amp;amp; Print in a single HP Product
Versatility, flat bed, networking, setup
Convenient, easy to operate, easy to maintain.
Color printer, color scanner, color copier, fax, value, space-saving, HP quality
Does it all, fast, quality output, easy to use
Affordable, high quality, High duty cycle
speed, print and copy quality
Robust Machine Performs Flawlessly
Quick, easy, durable
Excellent performance, longevity
quick, absolutely wonderful color output even on regular paper
Fax, copier, scanner, and printer all in one.
The office jet is just&amp;#13;&amp;#10;as good as the name sais: Jet
It faxes, scans, copies, and prints like a dream!
Space-Saver for Home Offices, Print quality like the pros
Simple to use
Uses a common cartridge, good functionality
fast, standalone, powerful
It does everything, very easy to use.
Size, Clear print, easy to use
Print quality, speed, fax speed &amp; functions, Reliability
Completes four functions from one machine.
Outstanding clarity of printing, ease of use is superb, you can't do better
Multiple functions, easy to install, easy to use.  A four-in-one marvel.
Very Good for home office use.
Versatile, solid, good print quality, good copy quality
speedy black and white printer,multitasks!
Color fax ability, scanner, copier
print quality, ease of use
reliable brand, affordable, good quality, look below
It does everything
Value, Quality, Speed, Versatile, Quiet
Quality color scanning and printing
Simplicity, Resolution, Color
Versatility, Easy of Use, Functional
4 popular products combined into 1. Less clutter. More space.
HP Realiability, crisp color and black print
Everything about it
very affordable
It's HP
Easy, good quality
relatively small footprint considering capabilities, easy to use, fast for an inkjet
http://www.epinions.com/welcome.html?member=schumanfu2  
Beautiful quality and very fast
Fast, quiet and good quality
Quality machine from a strong brand name
HP OfficeJet T45 is good machine, the possibilities are too high.
clear images, not to loud
Love the multifunction capabilities and ease of use.
Ink is very reasonable, very easy to operate.
Clear, crisp, quick printing. Economy print option to save on ink cartridges.
Fast,reliable,easy to use,produces excellent results
Sturdy, reliable; easy to learn.
great
Compact, Great dpi, fast, easy to use
No glitches, easy installation.
Easy to use, image quality
Good speed, super quality, great features
Easy to setup. Excellent print quality. Good scan quality.
Good speed, super quality, excellent features
Easy to set-up, and a breeze to use
ok print quality; inexpensive all-in-one; USB; attractive
Ease of use, good quality printing
Easy to setup and install
compact, easy to use, high quality prints
1.  Copy&amp;#13;&amp;#10;2.  Common but expensive inkjet with the 900X series inkjet printer,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Good, reasonable, compact, no problems with Windows 2000 Professional
Reliable;  very good quality;  excellent value for all-in-one
Awesome quality, great color prints. Quick and quiet.
Good price, decent quality
Sleek, Competitive and Impressive
Everything!  The quality is amazing!
Reasonably priced. Easy to use, very good output quality.
Good scan speed, and scan quality.  Easy to use, affordable, small footprint.
Wonderful functionality
Nice size
Efficient, Reliable, Attractive
Does it all. And in color
Attractive Combo Deal, Excellent Print Quality, Very Compatible w/ Windows 2000
Space saving design
Small Convenient Package
Nothing good to say.  Product was of no use and returned.
Rather compact for all the features, simple button layout, print quality
Price performance ratio high. Versatile.  Feature packed. Durable. Easy to use.
Good price, a lot of features, easy to use
Designed for one purpose and one purpose only
Great quality prints, compact size, built in memory card reader
Compact design, easy to use, high quality, doesn't require a computer
Nice size, nice picture quality.
Small size.  No computer needed.  Great prints.  Great included software.
Wonderful, high resolution, ink jet printer
Great Photo Prints
Compact, easy to set up, good quality printouts
ease of use
Compact, Portable, 1200 X 2400 dpi, Stand alone capable, quick print time
Excellent print quality, card reader, portable
Size, Portability, Speed and Print Quality
WOW!  Great Quality--So easy!
fast, accurate, and clean!
Quality, Price, Durability, Ease of Use, Design, Brand Name, Wide market spread.
Excellent quality, quiet printer.
Impeccable printing quality. Prints with speed and confidence.
ability to read and print from memory cards
Great Color, laser printer quality text, photocard slots, and more.
Very, Very fast for documents.  Great quality for photos.
Amazing quality, very quiet
Great clarity, vivid color, many options
Great print quality, fast text printing, awesome interface for SmartMedia and CompactFlash cards, large inkwells
The color and clarity of pictures is fantastic, easy to use, sleek design
Price, Quality, Reliability
Great pictures, handy smartcard printing, lasting for quite a while.
Low Cost Printer, High Quality Photos, Draft Mode Available.  Slots for SmartMedia and CompactFlash
quality prints-software great-good use of ink
Great print quality
Great value, easy to set up
The quality is fine for a home printer. 
good quality, quieter than previous models, doesn't shake the desk.
It produces descent pictures.
Beautiful Photo Prints!
Easy set-up and quick printing.
Great color print quality.  Can print directly from digital camera flash cards.
Stunning output -- it's really jaw-dropping.
Built-in media readers!  Impressive print quality.  And SO quiet!
Good quality.
Downloads from memory card, great color and resolution
Very user-friendly; excellent print quality.
Very easy to use, prints great
All around versatile printer and, smart media card input.
OUTSTANDING fast true color prints
Awesome quality printing
Produces beautiful photo quality prints.
Picture Quality, speed of printing, card slots for compact flash and smart media cards.  
Great prints for the beginner digital photographer
Top quality prints for both normal and photo uses.Quite,fast and very sexy...
Brilliant output on any paper. Fast, easy to use, convenient, Don't need a computer to print.
Print Quality, Flexibility, Speed
Fast, quiet, and very reliable. 
Beautiful, fast, quiet prints, Card Media
Fast.  Photo quality.  Looks cool, too.
Fast. Photo quality. Looks cool, too.
Easy to set up, sharp pictures
great 8x10 photos, slots for Smart Media/Compact Flash, 4x6 and 8.5x11 trays, quiet, FAST.
convenience
Great features for the price.
Autonomous mode, high quality of prints (even on a usual paper), two-sided printing
Great Photo maker and two-sided printing.
Photo Quality Prints, Duplex Printing, Clear Text Printing
Great photo prints, easy to use
Simple installation, brilliant results
Multi-Purpose, Ease of use, Great Photo &amp;amp; Extremely Quiet when printing
PC and Mac Friendly
Laser-like quality, sample photo gloss paper included, LCD indicator, double paper feed tray
resolution and color that rivals dye-sublimation printers.  
Picture Quality,Easy to Setup,Versatility
Can do just about anything
Great Photo Quality, Print photos without a computer!
Top-notch photo quality.  Fast and great for text.  Quiet. 
Six Color Ink, New Sleek Design,  Borderless printing.  Works with OSX.
OMG photos are coming out of this machine!
Great printings, user-friendly, card reader, and helpful additional software.
Excellent printing quality, great for digital cameras
Card reader,good copies.
Sleek, fast and great photo prints
Outstanding Print Quality.
This is a great photo quality printer.
beautiful prints, great workhorse printer, did I say beautiful printing?
Great photo quality and quiet.
Print direct from your digital memory cards. Borderless printing at 4x6 Snapshot Size.
Great Photos!  Very good on color projects.
Fantastic all around printer - great graphics, photos and text.
Remarkable photo print quality.
High Quality Photo Printing at an affordable price
excellent picture quality, easy use
excellent print quality, couldn't be easier to use
Photo quality excellent. Built in card readers. Can print without a PC.
Very good photo quality with premium papers.  Easy to use memory card reader/writer.  Excellent price
Print your photos without a computer and view them on the LCD on the printer.
Excellent detail quality, excellent overall printer, color LCD, accepts many card types
Lightweight, easy to install
Quality is awesome, speed is excellent, LCD screen is great....
Quiet, attractive, rugged, dependable, quality ink, separate 4x6 tray, superb printouts after software adjustment
Highly versatile input capabilities, fast text print speed, great print output, intuitive, hp historical reliability.
Print from your digital memory card without using a computer, most memory card formats supported.
great print quality. holds extra 3-color cartridge. media card slots. holds 4x6 paper.
LCD, nice quality prints, and it's easy to use
Image Quality, Ease of Installation, Reduced Price ($299)!  Must Buy!
Great picture quality, easy to use, prints directly from memory card
Print the pictures you want.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Choose the size.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Save pictures to pc from printer.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Great picture quality, very easy to operate, good value
Convenient printing from your digital camera memory card and a good price
High quality prints
Great pictures the best great price
low-cost, good quality
High Quality Photo-like results, reliable, easy to use.
Supurb color
good price great photos
Ease of setup and operation, software
You will think you are producing photos
quality -the best
wonderful pictures
Best print Quality Known to Man!
Good Picture Quality, Relatively Inexpensive
Features capability to print with or without computer read to learn of more great features.
Good quality prints! 
Easy to use and prints great!
Smart Card reader feature
Easy to set up and use, Great Quality, Nice Speed.
&lt;i&gt;Excellent Photo Quality Output&lt;/i&gt;
great photo printing
Print Quality is Awesome!
Compact Flash and Smart Media reader built-in, 4x6" paper tray
beautiful design, rapid quality printing, paper treatment, toolbox / diagnostic options
Good Print Quality, Direct Access to photo cards (can use w/o computer)
Memory Card Slot, 4x6 Photo Paper Tray, Thumbnail Printout (directly from memory card), Durability
Print Quality
Great quality, accepts a variety of paper types
Quality of photo prints.  Smartmedia and Compactflash interface.  Print speed.
price, clarity, features
Photo quality prints, quiet
Excellent print quality.  Great for photos.
Awesome Print Quality, Quick Photo printing, Quiet.
Astounding printouts, low price, high resolution, braindead install
feature packed;simple;quality output;price
Under $200, Great Photo quality, great text
Fast Printing, great photo printing, can print directly from camera.
Cool design, ability to print straight from memory cards without a computer, ability to download photos from memory cards to the computer, FAST color printing
Great Photographic Printer
Quiet, Fast, Reads "Memory Cards" (not Sony Memory sticks) directly, Works well on inexpensive paper.
Great photos, easy to use, fast and quiet
Greatest printer ever built
Quiet, fully featured, great quality prints
Killer prints especially on Photo Paper
Great photo quality printing
Georgeous photos
quick, high quality printer and printing
Great photo print quality; fast print times
Photo Quality.
USB compatible.  Excellent, studio-quality pictures
Quality Photo production, easy software, versatility and innovative!
Good print quality
Great prints. Convenient card reader.
Amazing quality
Ease of use, VERY nice quality, pretty fast for an inkjet
Fantastic photo quality! Able to run without being connected to a computer.
Amazing photo quality, easy USB setup!
nice photo prints; print from flash card
Output, quality, features, quiet
Great image quality, good text quality, fairly speedy
Pictures do print out very nice
Brilliant Photo Quality.  Accepts Memory Cards.  Quiet, Fast, an overall excellent printer.
Fast, good quality full page photo printing, reads memory cards.
Good Text, Excellent Color &amp; Builtin Card readers.
Beautiful photos when it was working. Fast card reader.
Very quiet operation, beautiful quality prints, user friendly
Excellent photo quality printing
Convenient true photo quality at an affordable price
The best on the market
great photo quality, high print speed, memory card reader
Ease of use (using the USB PORT) Produces great  prints.
Great print quality, nice overall look to the printer itself - it's awesome!
Best Photo Printing yet.  Very quiet.  Duplex printing
near photo quality, price, decent speed
Pretty darn good photo output with good color range on multiple media types
Excellent Print time for both color and B&amp;W's,Great photos too! Two sided printing feature
Great picture quality
Photo quality excellent, hard to tell from originals.  Wonderful bundled software and 4x6 photopaper tray.
no need of a computer, USB supported
Photo quality prints.  Double sided printing.  Fast Fast Fast.
EVERYTHING
can't say without installing
Outstanding photo quality, and also high quality text printing on plain paper
Versatility
Great Pictures, Great Features, Extremely Versatile
Wonderful Printer, one of the best for photos... lives up to the name!
Everything!
Excellent printer with good quality
1200X2400 dpi, 10ppm color, dual side printing
price, excellent quality, 2 cartridges (one color, one black), ability to print directly from digital camera storage media, you can copy data from a memory card in the printer to your computer
Super quality pictures and normal print
high quality
Multi-purpose, great design, fast and small
great photo quality
True photo quality, quiet operation
Amazing quality, CompactFlash and SmartMedia slots, self-alignment periodically, double-sided printer add-on included, IR port, computer not required, 8 Mb, huge resolution, parallel port/USB, 4.7 PPM Black at best quality, 3.1 PPM color at Best quality, t
Great print quality.  Can handle memory cards and varied papers.
Prints photos as if they were taken to a photo developer...
Great speed, quality, PRICE, and durability. HP has thought of every aspect of photo printing and put it into this printer that can even stand alone w/o a PC attachment!
Wonderful image quality, duplexer eliminates handling of paper to print two-sided documents.
Awesome Print Quality, Extremely Easy to Use, Not that Expensive
Great speed in draft.  Duplexer.  Good image quality.  Revolutionary unit in it's day.
Photos just like from a print shop! Great speed, easy to use.
ease of use, easily installed,  
VERY Nice printer/scanner
GREAT QUALITY,FAST SPEED,NEAT LOOKING,LOTS OF OPTIONS,INEXPENSIVE, AND MOST OF ALL, IT'S MADE BY HP.
GREAT ALL_IN_ONE! FAST, SIMPLE, AFFORDABLE! VERY COMPACT!
very good print quality, good flatbed scanning, computer-free fast copying, nicely designed
Very good price, excellent quality in all functions.
Excellent duplication, Well documented on the usage of product
Print, scan, and copy without cutting corners
the printing quality is very outstanding.  The colors appear true to original.
Excellent Printing/Scanning/Copying quality for the money
Very good features and quality at a bargain price.
Great print quality. Stand alone copy feature is handy. 
Includes a lot of features
Fast, reliable, easy to use and efficient, compatible.
Contains a printer, scanner, and color copier all in one machine
print &amp; scan quality, great color copies, compact size, modest price
Nice quality pictures; Easy to use
great text and photos, excellent memory reader, fast scanner and fax,superior copies
Ease of use, easy to set up.
Very good scanner, printer and card reader
Good print output, decent scanning, fax capabilities, Good copier abilities
Simple to use, easy set up, excellent quality prints!!!
Easy to use, prints digital photos without a computer. Great image quality
Affordable, flatbed scanner, good print quality, space saved.
Excellent photo print quality. High resolution scanner. Quick scanning of fax documents.
It's an all in one.
Compact &amp; well specified for the money
Excellent printing capabilities, versatile, scanner, fax, copier, more?
Scans, Copies, Faxes AND Prints! It's an HP!! Sleek
6-in-1 card reader, copy or print photos without computer, overall good quality
features, smallish for an all-in-one with fax capabilities.
Excellent fax, print, scan functions.
Compact, Good bargain for so many functions. Nice "wow" factor when friends come over.  
Easy to use, flat bed scanner, very quiet, plenty of options.
Easy to setup. Very good scan / print quality. 
Awesome photo printing, convenient multi-function device
Great quality with lots of features
Mulitfunction-in-one, 6 type Memory Card Reader
6-in-1 Card Reader, Proof Sheet Feature, Print Photos or Use Copier Without Having Computer On
Easy to use
Prints, Scans, and Copies
sturdy, great print quality, easy set up
Fast print, nice design, easy to operate.
Very good resolution, quick printing, quite affordable, color printing available.
Quick, Easy Installation.  XP Compatible.  Tri-function at minimal cost
lots of pages per minute with windows 2000
A breeze to set up.  I followed the directions exactly and no problems at all.
does work w/ WIN XP
very well packed (snicker)
Inexpensive
good black and white copier, ink cartridges cheaper than most, can copy without a PC
Scans , Copies , &amp; Prints - All in One!, Affordable
Easy to use, reasonably fast and good picture quality.  Smaller than previous models.
Small footprint, good speed, low operating cost.
Easy to get scans to email. Better print quality and faster than X83 or A3000.
Scans well, Prints quickly, Photocopies effortlessly, inexpensive
Prints &amp; copies nicely &amp; is attractive.
Somewhat quiet, affective
Many functions usable from printer panel or computer.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good software included.
Print, scan, and copy all in one machine. Easy to use like a pro.
Fast, Quiet, other things
IT'S GREAT.
Prints 11 pages a minute in Black and White and 8.5 in Color
Clears desk of both printer and scanner, Copier great for home use, 
great product. does work w/XP.  
FAST, RELIABLE, EASE-OF-USE, &amp; INK CARTRIDGES LAST A LONG TIME!
Fast, Quiet, Easy to use, no jams so far
One unit into one , fast, and great product.
Great value in an all-in-one machine
Lovely printing and scanning.
Very simple to use - east out of box hook up - great software
Great multifunction capability, media slots, great prints
Prints excellent quality photos and copies.
Multi function, easy to use, high quality printing, 
Excellent All-in-One machine.  Photo printing capabilities without turning on your computer!
Flatbed scanning, color copying, easy to operate
Scanning, Printing, faxing, copying
Scanner, Color Ink-jet printer, Fax, and Photo center all in one!
Great multifunction capability, media slots, great prints &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Great quality of workmanship, great design and functionality
It does almost everything!  Maybe even help pay the rent. ;D
Top quality at everything it does.  The digital camera functions are unbeleivable.
Great all-purpose office machine
Great Color Quality, quiet and very easy to use.
Easy to use, prints pictures AWESOME, nice looking and quiet.
It copies, scans and faxes
Multi-features for a great price.
Nice all-in-one machine, small, decent and easy to use.
2400x1200 Photo prints on photo paper, multi-function use
All you need in one unit
Supports  MAC OSX &amp; 9.  Performs functions the majority of the time. 
Downloading images from a flashcard
Compact size. Excellent print quality.  Fast copying and printing except color.
Scans and copies well.  Low price.
Small footprint
 So much more room on my desk! Inexpensive, very clear, crisp printing. 
Small cost. Takes only as much space as a standard printer. Great print quality.
small size, does everything with ease, user-friendly
4800 dpi Color, Scanner 600x19200 dpi  36-bit, Fast Copier, Less Desktop Space
Small size, inexpensive 
Small footprint, print quality
compact, versatile, smooth looking, black and color ink cartridges included
Compact size and convenience, HP quality.
Does everything it was meant to do and does it very well.
Practical
User-friendly, easy transition between functions, super color copies
Print, Copy, Scan and send Faxes from one unit!
Ink saving features are a great addition; FABULOUS Customer Service; Very Competitive Prices!
Compact style, reliable, all-in-one
Reasonable price, inexpensive black ink cartridges, 35-page document feeder.
versatile, easy to use, pretty good print quality
High quality, cartridges seem to last forever, convienent.
Good print quality, Sheet feeder, large memory.
cheap! Good connectivity software, USB support, CF, compact design, easy to use
Nice, small camera.  Easy to use.
plug and play, ease of use, LCD, great outdoor pictures, if good lighting- good pictures
nice jog dial
Cheap with relatively decent image quality
Very easy to use. Great picture quality for the price. Easy upload.
Inexpensive, LCD screen, Flash, CF media slot.
422 pics in Best quality with 128MB,LCD screen, solid body, timer, date hour info, 
Affordable, easy to use
Clear pictures, nice a lot of money .
The price
can look at photos on camera, basic digital camera, good for beginners
Takes wonderfull pictures
You don't have to have the film developed.
reasonably priced, takes nice pictures, easy to upload into computer
Price, photo quality, ease of use.
Outstanding Photos, High Resolution for Price
Inexpensive
Inexpensive, easy to use
Purchase price
Very good picture quality, extremely easy to use.
Low price, good picture quality, ease of use.
easy to use, for the basic user, a good starter digicam
Really inexpensive, USB connection
Cheap price, great pics most of the time, good value for your money
Cheap, Simple, megapixel, easy battery load, LCD. Prefers still subjects
easy to use, cheap
Nice starter, low price.
Good clear photos, easy installation and use with included software. 
Pictures look good and it's easy to use.
Cheap
usb for fast connection, lcd screen, cheap
Affordable, good quality, and easy to use.
inexpensive, easy to use, durable, great tech support
The price was good for a entry level digital camera.
Excellent Quality No Matter What Pixel Setting!
Great starter digital, awesome pics, price, able to view pics after taking.
It was cheap.
It's cheap.  It's simple to use.  Performance/Price ratio is, in the end, high.
Inexpensive, easy to upload pictures to your PC, easy to use
Sorry, can't think of any.
Inexpensive, Good Picture Quality, easy to use
Low cost
It takes high quality pictures.
LCD, 1.3 MP, Auto Everything, Great build quality!
Easy to use, cheap, flash, decent image quality
Easy to use, Good access to quick pictures
cheap, hard to screw up, easy to use jog dial for simple menus
Great photos! Easy,Easy,Easy to use!
Takes great pictures at high quality setting
Inexpensive digital camera, great quality at high resolution
Less expensive than other 2 megapixel cameras!
Easy to use; downloads quickly; takes excellent photos.
Inexpensive, High Resolution, Easy to Use
Currently a good deal on a entry level digital camera
Easy to use. Digital picture window.
Great Pictures
Easy to use menus, long battery life, easy to use software
Outstanding image quality, very easy to use, great software
easy to use,durable, long battery life
easy to use takes great pics
Solid Construction, ease of use and color accuracy
  Easy to use.  Stylish.
-Low Cost, -LCD Display is very nice, quite clear
Good starter digital camera
excellent quality shots, many on camera options, affordable, low battery consumption, easy to use, Durable
good quality pictures, easy to use
Easy to use.
closeable lens cover-fits nicely in hand-seems to be rugged
Ease of use, picture quality
Easy to Use, lightweight.
Outstanding Picture Quality even in low light, Fast picture transfers using usb cable, 
Price, quality of pictures, ease of use, size
Compact size, relative ease of use.
Fantastic camera for the price
very affordable
Price, USB, Size of Camera
Easy to set up and use. Great quality photos.
Lightweight, easy to use, great picture quality
USB port, great for beginner, easy to use, great price, quality pictures.
EASY! Takes great pictures, and images are easy to edit.
Easy to use for the novice, USB makes downloading a breeze.
Inexpensive.  Software is intuitive.
Easy to use, takes nice photos, small and light, saves $ from buying film
Great Beginners Camera
2.1 Mexapixel resolution, 1.8" LCD, 2.5x digital zoom
Can't be easier to use!  Put batteries in and start snapping.
Reasonable price, zoom capabilities
Easy to use; Upgradable with compactflash cards; Great price.
easy to use, decent picture quality
Is simple to use and takes decent photos.
2.1 mega pixel
Standard double A batteries, picture quality, ease of operation
huh? none now with a better camera out
picture definition, nice look
Simple to use, with most all the features of the more expensive brands.
nice image quality, easy to use
Good form; light; good picture quality
Great rice, great resolution, a bargain for a 2.1 mp
many features &amp; good picture quality
easy to use, great camera for price
Supplied software, USB connection, LCD screen, Digital zoom
2.1 megapixel, ease of use, color rendition pretty accurate, tracking on viewfinder better than older models
great for casual users, nice features for price range, easy to use
Excellent feature content for the money, good quality pictures, user-friendly, USB port.
2.1 Megapixel, cheap, easy to use
Price, 2.1 megapixels, very easy to use
Great pictures, compact to carry, easy to use.
Easy to use, good quality pictures, comparatively very inexpensive
high resolution, ease of use
Affordable, user-friendly 2 megapixel camera with USB interface; uses common AA batteries.
PRICE/Megapixel Ratio,LCD Screen, Ease of use, EVERYTHING AUTOMATIC, Great Software Bundle
Compact&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Easy to use. Compact to carry. Computer Software is simple to use.
Compact, easy to use,easy to upload pictures to the PC
Good price
Easy to use, High quality images, fast USB interface.
A great beginner or professional quality digital camera!
Easy to use; Good quality pictures
Very easy to learn, and use. Pictures are excellent quality for sending over the internet.
Easy to use, sharp photos and good color rendering
Convenient, easy to use menu
medium size, light, very easy to use 
Easy to use, Good pictures.
Easy to use
Takes very clear, crisp photos
loaded with features, 2x digital camera, lightweight and compact
Easy to use; lightweight, USB connection
Small, Light, Easy to use, Good features, 10 second timer
Great features/price for economically minded. High quality pictures.
Great camera at a great price
Internal 8mb memory.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ease of use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;compact
Can be used with Windows and Macintosh, sleek design
price, easy-to-use, great software, screen.
Great camera for the price.
Extremely easy to use.
Great Price, easy to use, NO FILM!!
Cheap, Easy to use 
Ease of use, price.
Small size, very easy to use
Easy to use
Good camera for someone looking to spend little. Good value.
Clear photos, Good color, VERY easy to use.
Pictures are pretty good for this price
Good price for 2.3 Megapixels, easy to use, excellent WinXP compatibility.
Very easy to use, small and light weight. Great software 
Easy to operate
Easy to take pictures and download them.
cheap, easy to use
Great picture quality for the price.
Great buy for the $$
Lightweight, easy to use, takes up to 100 + photos
Easy to use, good quality photos, plug and play software
Easy to use, not very sophisticated
Easy to use, fairly large storage, good features, decent quality pictures.
Non-proprietary batteries (AA) and storage (CF), small, lcd viewscreen, 3 resolutions
Great picture quality, auto-flash, red-eye control, nice LCD
priced right, easy to use, very durable
Ummm...
Easy to use, great software, light, cheap.
small, lightweight, great picture quality, great value, stylish, easy to use, bundled with good software
Lightweight &amp; small; great software &amp; features; EASY to use
convenient size, easy to use, expandable, good software
Easy to use. Nice and small.
Both camera and software easy to use. Great picture quality if outdoors.
2.3 megapixels, low price
Good small camera, great for people who dont take a lot of pictures. 
Decent goodies for the price
Great photo quality, makes even me look like a pro
Easy to use, video clip feature, takes great snapshots
Easy to use,Takes good pics,4x zoom,
Very easy to use, good quality pictures
PRICE!!!  You can take 30 second video clips, decent pictures 
small, compact easy to use
it is really easy to use. , 
TFT screen,, expandability in memory, viewfinder
Reasonably priced, picture quality settings, self timer
Good camera for the price.  Uses AA batteries; good battery life.
Inexpensive, easy to use, good low end camera
easy to use, good price, great pictures
lightweight, compact, USB cables included, prints directly to HP printers w/ computer
Decent picture quality
Great zoom, red eye reduction
Very simple interface with computer and printer.  Fairly compact.
Good for a first time digital camera user.
HP 612 is a really easy digital camera and takes good pictures.
Great pics! Easy to use!
Easy to Use, Great LCD display, Nice photos
Good resolution on pictures, easy to figure out how to take pictures and upload.
Easy to use, low price, good quality images
Easy to use, good daytime picture
Easy to use, relatively inexpensive to take quality photos
Takes Clear Shots, Easy to Use, Good Features for Price
simple to operate, easy on the chequebook, decent quality pics, lightweight
Ease of use, price, picture resolution
Excellent value camera with many great features.
Great Picture Quality; Easy to use software and hardware; Not too expensive; Many picture-taking options.
Std batteries &amp; memory &amp; form factor. Easy to use, good automatic settings.
Inexpensive, all inclusive, simple to use.
Suburb photos, point and shoot, good battery life, excellent customer service, dummy proof.
Good optics and ergonomics, great price.
Quality, Price, Picture quality. Customer Service people. Pentax Lenses. Software
Very easy to use, not too bulky.
Takes great shots, comes with 16MB card, lots of features and cool software.
Easy to use.  Good photos.
Great for getting your feet wet in digital for the price, great for quick shots
Great image quality, good manual  overrides, nice looks and ergonomics. 
Easy to use.
Comfortable case, good range of option, shutter controls a big plus, price
Sharp pictures, great color, lots of options
Convenient, good price
Easy to operate, Excellent Quality, Reasonably priced, Memory is cheap
Easy to use, quality
Fast, Fun, And Easy To Use! 
2.11 MP, Yields Large Prints, Pentax ZOOM Lens, Many Manual Control options.
manual controls, both LCD and viewfinder, adjustable flash, optimum range for lens
The Best 'Bang For The Buck!'
3x/optical zoom, Pentax lens, very good flash, 2 ISO levels, HP support.
Great Features, Performance, Upgradable
Excellent photos, great software included with 618xi
Fantastic pictures for the Money. Point and shoot like no other.
Excellent resolution, Excellent Features, Able To Add Audio To Your Pictures And Video Clips!
Reasonably Priced
Great Picture Quality, compact
Ease of use, even a novice like me can get great pix. 
Good Picture Quality (the 25 it took)
Durability, size, zoom, options
price, photo quality, built in memory
simple to use, price, 3.3 MP
Camera takes great quality pictures.  SD Card and small size.
Price
Excellent quality, Great Features, Comfortable To Hold!
Great picture quality that is very simple to use with my other HP products
Easy to use and produces quality photos
Tons of features, easy to use, fantastic resolution
Easy to use with excellent results.
Professionals will like this one. Lots of bells &amp; whistles!
Nice zoom, records decent quality video with sound, compact size, good price.
This camera is tempting because it has so many features. Great zoom lens too!
Low price
good picture in full sun
Superb picture quality, ease of operation
Very easy to use.  Great pictures on computer/printer.  Enough features to satisfy anyone
Clear 4 megapixel shots, 2 minute movies
size, picture quality, durability, video feature, timer
Compact, many features, ease of use
Awesome pictures (even in low light!) light weight, good build quality, good zoom, great interface!
Very easy to use right out of the box
8x optical zoom, 4 mega-pixel resolution
Great pictures, intuitive interface, easy downloads.
super sharp photos, comparable to my SLR. Very easy to use.  Great zoom
Great zoom, good feature set
High quality pictures
Great zoom capacity, intuitive menu structure, high quality images, great value
Excellent Zoom, sharp photos even at high digital zoom settings, EXIF info on all photos
Great quality, awesome zoom, good battery preservation, video mode
Pretty good zoom, LCD in the view finder is great, cheap, takes night shots
8X optical zoom, good pics even at night. Easy operation. AA bateries
affordable beginner solution
ease of use, great software
Price, ease of use
Price and 1 Megapixel
Best available quality for the price. 
Easy to use with great results!
none
picture quality 
can choose which pictures to keep
Instant Pictures to share with family on the www
Wonderful
Many options to suite your needs
Durable, easy to use, quality pics, compact flash memory
simple, high quality photos, versatile
Great picture, color, ease of use
very easy to use, good flash, large viewfinder
Great picture quality, ease of use, LCD display.
when it works, it's an ok camera for the price
Image quality, and LCD, minor manual controls, and quality optics on the cheap.
Very simple, good quality, and great value.
Clear and quality pictures, day or night, view screen.
very easy to use
Equal to 35 mm. This is one of the BEST little cameras. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;A+ camera!!
Easy to use, nice size camera.
Great pictures Cheap Price
Easy to use, high quality photos, inexpensive, fun.
Great photos even indoors, Great value, Great battery life w/out LCD
Really clear photos
Great pictures
Ease of use and quality
easy, great quality
Easy to use, HP Quality and support, Low cost, Great first / family Camera!
User Friendly!
easy to use
very easy to take great pictures
quick and easy
inexpensive and excellant photo quality
Takes great pictures
Low cost, compact flash technology
AA batteries, Compact Flash media, LCD screen, auto focus
Easy to use, Good pictures
Price, Features, Zoom, Standard memory card
easy to use, rugged, good picture quality
Currently available under 200, red-eye reduction, decent capacity.
Quality photos, easy to use, price.
easy to use, low price, uses flash memory
Inexpensive, good quality, easy to use
quality=high, price=low
Excellent image in daylight conditions
cost, quality of photo, ease of use
Very user friendly
price, ease of use
Outstanding product
Price, quality, user friendly
Pros: Easy to use, Picture quality excellent on all resolutions (superfine, fine, and basic)
Easy At Home Picture Developing
Great camera name u trust 
Camera is simple to Use; Save Money, High quality photos; instant photos; view pics on TV, PC, or Camera instantly
consumer price
Price, quality of photos
easy to operate and affordable
Affordability, ease-of-use, quality digital photo's
Price, ease of use, software
Easy to use and easy menus, good quality!
price, photo quality, ease of use
Good picture quality
Inexpensive
easy, quality
ready to use right out of the box
Price - Quality -Ease of use
user friendly, many uses, cost
good clear pictures, automatic focus and flash nothing to set.
Ease of use, Cost effective.
Easy to use
great photo quality, easy for beginners
color
Price, Photo Quality and Ease of Use
easy to operate
Inexpensive-lightweight-easy to use-great quality photos
clear pictures, Hp
ease of use
Features, Usability
ease of use
very sharp photos
price, quality and ease of use
Very easy to use, inexpensive, multiple resolutions, versatile
price, picture quality, 
Easy To Use, only $270
Ease of use, Affordability
easy to use, not too expensive
So/so image quality
Price, Quaility, software, and ease of use 
6
Price, LCD
No Wasted Pictures, Save and MAKE money
easy and small
Price, Quality, Value, Ease of Use
easy to use , FUN
great device
Inexpensive and stylish
cheap, good resolution
Easy to use, great resolution
Cost, ease of use, quality of photos
Great quality for the money
Excellent Picture Quality, Reasonable Price, Feature Rich, CompactFlash Memory Storage
Fine quality photos for under $300
Easy-to-use, Durable, Great Photo Quality.
zoom
easy to use
Best camera on the market especially at that price
Easy menu options, functional features
Good value for money as starter digital camera, decent battery life if careful with LCD, easy to use
Cheap, sturdy, easy to use
Good durable camera
Good picture quality, intuitive operation, very appropriately priced.
Nice outdoor pics
easy to use
Great camera for Beginner
Easy to use, great software
no problems figuring out how to use it.
Price
Great price, nice pictures, screen is a plus
Inexpensive, easy to use, good quality photos
easy to use, multi features, great photo quality
Great photos
very nice pictures low price
Ease of use, 4AA batteries, compact
real easy to use
good quality for the price
Relatively inexpensive 
ease of use
Easy to use, Good price
Many Features
reliable, good pics, well-priced
Easy to use, affordable.
Price, Good Picture Quality, Ease of use.
Great for web photos
Easy to use,great features,clear pictures,excellent price,plenty of storage.
Inexpensive, excellent 1 megapixel image quality for the price, well built
Superb performance, full features for the price.
Cheap, holds lots of pictures, and anti-redeye.
Quality pictures, LCD Display with easy-to-use menu
Pics are good, easy to use
Great basic digital camera
Photo quality, LCD screen, ease of use
ease of use/good software/normal appearance
great quality
Price, weight, LCD
Good Quality pictures
Affordable, easy-to-use, great features.
size, weight, simplicity
Good price, good pictures.
Nice quality for the price; lots of features 
Price, Graphic Quality, Battery Life, Interchangeable Storage Card, LCD Controls, Look and Feel
easy to use,hookup to computer,or TV
Nothing but praise.
Great pictures, Best expansion Capabilities, Easy to use
Very easy to set up and use
Great photo quality, easy to use, great software, downloads automatically, LCD display on back
Great picture easy to use
Ease of use for novice and pro alike
Cost, Ease of Use, Picture Quality
comes with baterries/some assembly requierd
Good Image Quality, Long Battery Life, Great Price
Price, on-screen display, ease of use
Good price, easy to use
easy to operate
Easy to use, but still takes great pictures.
Megapixel at great price
Point and Shoot Simplicity
none
good pictures, small camera
Everything
front swivel wheel, 5 point harness, lightweight, easy assembly
Easy assembly, great ride, &amp; affordable.
Turns on a dime, storage...too much to list!
Easy to turn, seat is padded
Easy to push &amp; steer with one hand!, Easy to fold and unfold!
easy to use, handles well, lots of features for the price
Smooth ride, Turns easily, Comfy for toddler, Adjustable handle, Looks great
Adjustable handle height, pneumatic wheels, tight turn radius, switches to a jogger, sturdy.
EASY fold, easy to drive and much more!
One hand foldability, pneumatic tires, useable with infant seats to 50lb children, adjustable handle.
Cute, cute, CUTE stroller with no ugly plastic wheels!  
lightweight, easy steering, compact, smooth ride
Turns on a dime; opens with one hand; smooth ride for baby
test
SMOOTH operation, affordable, adjustable handle for short and tall people...a lifesaver!
Maneuverability, can fit most infant carriers, easy assembly
Smooth ride, pneumatic tires, easy to steer, and holds child up to 50 lbs
Easy to steer &amp; great one hand fold. Comfortable for baby &amp; us.
Portable, functional, extremely mobile
Great Options, Video Feature, Small, Easy to Upload, Easy to Upgrade Memory
Quality large images, medium size
Great for posed pictures,, Good quality pictures., Quick review time of pictures
Several Different Modes Available with excellent quality photos and videos
Low price for 3+ Mega pixels; Comes with a charger and AC adaptor
Small design, light weight design, viewfinder
Great features/modes, high resolution, color fidelity, excellent metering
Lots of features, Manual mode, Compact, $$ Value, 3.3 Megapixels
high performance, low cost
Very reputable brand name
It's small and has many functions, and the discs hold a lot of pictures.
Super cheap, and it functions.  Great for kids.
Cheap, usb &amp; serial, ok w/ win xp, lightweight, takes a beating
Cheap&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to Use
lightweight, affordable
Easy to use, affordable
Cheap
Inexpensive, Easy to use software
Cheap camera
Low cost, cute, standard USB cable
Great Price
Cheap, durable
Small, lightweight and Cute
Cheap, Robust, USB connection, flash, cheap to run
Great click and shoot, focus free camera.  Great first time camera
Fast to download pictures into your computer
NOT COSTLY
Great Software Comes With Camera
Adequate for the money
Fast, Convenient, Uncomplicated
None
It is cool looking
Cheap
Excellent software to accompany camera
Inexpensive, easy, good software
Cheap; Fisher/Price-esque colors make it hard to lose
Easy to use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Lightweight
It IS a digital camera! 
inexpensive
It looks cool
Easy to use, Works on a Windows or Macintosh Computer, comes with all cables.
Price $30 dollars at Wal-mart
It isn't lots of money and it's a way of getting pictures onto the computer.
Cheap and easy to use.
Small, lightweight, easy to use, and affordable.  
Cheap, fair pictures
Price
Easy to understand
Cheap, durable, decent quality
Low price; Acceptable for an adult who will settle for just okay. 
Cheap Good pics in the right places
great price and decent pictures
It came with softwear
Inexpensive, easy to use, easy software.
Very durable, Costs very Little, great software
great for people who want to fix their BAD pictures!!
Inexpensive digital camera
works with the touch of a button
cheap, nice pictures,easy to use
Easy to use.
Fairly decent for someone just learning to use a digital camera
Inexpensive
Cheap, Easy to use.
Easy to use, Works on a Windows or Macintosh Computer, comes with all cables.
none
Software, usb &amp;amp; serial cables
price, ease of use
Price
Was fun to play with at first!
price,clear pictures,easy to download pics to computer
Easy to Use, looks cool, NO FILM :)
Cheap, Easy to Use
easy to use
simple to use, attractive packaging
Great quality for under $100
Inexpensive
Good for beginners (kids)
Price, light weight
Easy to operate
durable, made for little hands
Lots of pictures, pick and choose
cheap, good software
Great Price, Great Software
Cheapest you can buy &amp;amp; easy to use
Great tool for beginners
Inexpensive, Fun, quick and easy!
Price and ease of use
You don't have to be plugged into the computer to take pictures
a good door stop
Cheap!
hmmm....it's a nice paperweight, good software
lightweight
Good, inexpensive way to get into digital photography
easy to use. no film or cards needed. 
Cheap, Picture it Software
Inexpensive
looked durable
Fun for events, very light weight
cheap, lightweight, easy to use
none
none
easy to use
Inexpensive, GREAT battery life, some of its pictures are OK for web use if doctored up, includes both serial and USB cables.
Cheap, Light As A Cloud
quik digital pictures
inexpensive, fun to play with.
It is lightweight.
cheap, nice style, works well
Nice Price
ease of use, rugged appearance, comes with 2 programs
cheap
cheap
Cheap and easy
cheap
cheap, and takes pics such as they are
pretty clear pictures and fun and easy software included.
Easy to operate
free gift from gateway
price
Ease of use, low cost
none
great for kids&amp;amp;e-mail
It's easy to use
Cheap
No rushing to the store for film
A great value for the begginer
$80
price
inexpensive, easy to use
None
inexpensive
Durablity
low price, easy to use
Lightweight, convenient USB interface, MulitMediaCard slot
price, ease of use, durable
Cheap
Small, sleek
price, software
Inexpensive
Plastic case, durable, long battery life.
Inexpensive, decent pictures, very easy to use
Easy to use, very inexpensive
Great price, good pictures, easy set up
Quality for the price, ease of use
Cheap
small, light, cute
Cheap,Durable 
Wow! My first digital cam.
Inexpensive, fun software, 3.0 has a flash!
it's very light, holds 21 pic. and Compatible to serial ports
Good picture quality, good price
Easy, cheap, fun
Affordable
Great for close up
Picture Quality, Easy to Learn and Use
Good picture quality, instant review
Simplicity itself for use
image quality, ease of use
Great pictures, Customized settings
Easy to use, great picture quality
Price
A very nice camera for the price
Versatile and somewhat cheaper.
Price to quality ratio
inexpensive yet fully functional
Easy to use, good color and quality
Very good resolution quality
Compact, easy to use
simple, basic, easy to read directions
Cheap, easy to use, fun
takes good pictures, easy to use, ability to add lenses
easy to use, good picture quality
comparable to higher priced models
Features vs price
Compact, speedy downloads, crisp and clear images
Good Price, Ease of use, many features
inexpensive, easy to use
Good picture quality, inexpensive, basic features
Good everyday digital camera
Great look and value
Easy to use, Good quality pictures
easy to use, takes clear pictures
good quality pictures
Price, picture quality, ease of use
Very well built Great pictures for the price paid.
Inexpensive, very sturdy construction, USB card reader included.
Handy, simple to use
Takes sharp pictures, loads directly onto my computer
Good photos, nice size, easy to carry and use, nice set of features
Good value cam for 1-megapixel camera
Lightweight, great digital for someone just entering digital camera era
Effortlessly transfer photos to your PC using a cable
User-friendly, simple, nice-looking body
light, ease of use, great photo quality
ease of use, optical zoom, good quality pictures
High-quality, easy to use, fun.
great value megapixel digital camera, USB file transfer
fairly inexpensive; versatile
Price, ease of use, photo quality
User-friendly, very good output
Easy to use,  Great looking photos
Very clear pictures at a regular resolution, lightweight,, and very dependable
Price, quality, basically everything
Good Resolution, Good Screen Size, Easy to use
Picture clarity, Kodak Name, Ease of Use, Zoom
Easy to use, price is right, saves you money in the long run if you love to take pictures.   
VERY simple
price, user-friendly, compact, picture quality
Good ergonomics, sharp macro shots, good flash, easy to use
Price, small size, metal case, Brand Name, optical zoom.
Easy for a beginner to use!
The camera has it's advantages, small, lightweight, easy to operate and handle.
easy to use, nice pictures, very portable
Good photo quality, LCD screen let's you preview photos
Inexpensive, tough, small enough to fit in pocket, excellent flash, easy to use.
Easy to use, great pictures.
Compact, High-Quality Pics, USB Card Reader
Easy to use, great pictures
easy to use, great software, small
Ease of use, quality of pictures
easy to use, small and good pictures
Good picture quality, lightweight, stylish, good interface
easy to operate, able to view picture immediatly
Sharp Pictures
Great Overall Feel And Quality
1'8 inch LCD View Finder
lightweight, simple interface, autotimer, video out
Easy to use, great pictures, good price
easy to use
Quality pictures for a reasonable price.
Uses Compact Flash, AA batteries &amp;amp; takes great pictures
Ease of operation
compact, inexpensive, simple
easy to use, great pictures, lower cost
High Quality, Quick Transfer, Low Cost
Good options, great auto focus
Great inside shots. Flash works well.
Best product in its price range, lots of options, easy to use, great support and warranty
Small, sexy, ergonomically wonderful, great pictures
Photo Quality , ease of use, features.
Size, weight and quality.
Looks nice, user friendly, fun to use.
Loaded with USABLE features. Expandable memory
Small sleek design, ease of use, good quality pictures.
Easy to understand and follow manual, easy to use camera and all its features, not too expensive to purchase
everything
Pocket sized, easy to operate
professional standard photos for the web
Picture Quality, Price and Ease of Use
Small compact
awesome quality pictures, easy to use, downloads fast
great pictures; ease of use
Value for money, compact
Easy to use, Great detail &amp;amp; color, Vibrant!
FUN!
Great picture quality
Build quality, value
Good price
Great camera, good price
Perfect Pictures Every Time
clear sharp images
price, ease of use, lots of useful features
good value, USB reader, good quality shots, small
Quality, Price, Ease of Use
good price, good pictures, perfect for web use
Sleek, stylish, great pictures, easy to use, great value, everything really!
durable, light weight, small, easy to use
Cheap, Good Quality Pics, Packed with features
Being able to delete pictures as you take them
Easy to use and quality pictures
Easy to use, good pictures, reasonably priced
Sturdy, optical zoom
Ease of use, very good pictures inside with no movement
Easy to use, affordable.
Excellent buy for the low cost! Works just as well as the more expensive digital cameras!! Easy and quick to learn how to use!
compact,nice looking,very good photos
Fast, easy, convenient
See pictures right away.
Price, ease of use
Great pictures, great features.  I'm in love!
Compact and Easy to use
Bang for the Buck, Mega-pixel, LCD for under $300
Ease of use, quality of photos, lcd screen.
Easy to set up,easy to use
You can delete a picture if you don't like it. No wasted film or waiting for film to be processed.
Good-quality picture, easy to use, red-eye reduction and other great options, &amp;amp; affordable price.  
Digital, Lots of pictures, Easy to use
Very easy to use, Stores large number of shots
Easy to use, light weight, nice feel camera
Kokak DC215
good picture, good interface, good price
size, weight, photo options
Simple to use, Great Clarity and Color Reproduction
Solid camera body.  Good indoor, email, &amp;amp; smaller printed quality pics.  Very easy to use, and good documentation.
Easy to use
great photo quality
an excellent introduction to digital photography
Easy to use and understand
Ease of use
quality, availablity, lcd screen, style
Awesome picture taking, Easy use
Ease of use, functions, low cost
Price, durability,warranty,features
1 Megapixel, Price, Zoom, Easy to use, great indoor quality.
Easy to use, informative upper LCD display, feels good quality, fair picture quality
Quality Kodak lens coating; small, light; versatile; great color; sharp images; great close-ups, night-shots.
price, ease of use, nice quality photos, LCD screen, small size, 2x zoom
Easy to use, good picture quality
Great Quality photographs, Compact Flash Card, Worth it's weight in gold!
Easy to use, decent quality pictures, good features for the price.
Small, sturdy.  Inexpensive for what you get.  USB Scandisk for transferring pictures.
Very easy to use with quality pictures.
Stores many pictures, no need to change film after 24 exposures!
Excellent Close up images.
Zoom, Flash/Red-eye reduction, Easy to use, Clear pictures
Great camera, excellent pictures!
Not too expensive.  Pretty good close ups.  Built VERY sturdy.
Great result in a small pretty package
Easy to use, lots of photos, good quality, easy transfer to computers. 
Compact and digital
USB, ease-of-use, great photos
All the extras that came with it are easy to use. The option of looking thru the peep-hole or seeing it on the screen.
comparable to higher priced models
large photos, great quality
Wonderful photos, delete what you don't like, easy
Compact, handy size
Terrific photo quality, great support, easy to use
Great daytime pictures, very easy to use
Optical zoom, battery life, size
USB Connection, can shoot pictures in rapid succession, quick and easy to use for webmasters
Takes good pictures, and plenty of them before downloading.
Great Pictures
small, easy to carry
Great Shots, Good Battery Life, Digital
Easy to use, takes mini disk, choice in quality of picture, choice in color, B&amp;amp;W, sepia, battery charger, and batteries included, zoom
Easy to use
Easy to use, Reliable
Easy to use; Good value for the money; Great camera for the beginner
Optical zoom, long battery life, ease of use
take many pictures w/o having to reload anything, nice auto-focusing, reasonable price for its quality
Usr friendly and good quality
Small, easy to use, great price.
Not A One
easy to use, see pictures instantly and delete ones you don't want
Ease of use, great quality, fairly large memory card. 
good looking, ease of use, affordable
Easy to use, good photos
compact, excellent quality, fun to use
Ease of use, quality pictures, selectivity of pictures
Superb Color Rendering, Sharp pictures, powerful yet easy to use
ease of use, features
small, light, tough, inexpensive, viewfinder
Battery life, Picture quality
Great Price, Great Images,Ease of use
1.3 megapixels will get you 54 pictures at 640 x 800
Features, price, picture quality
very user-friendly
Nice, quality camera, very easy to use
Construction quality, compact size, picture quality
Easy to use, multifunctional
ease of use, great features, low cost
Moderate Price, Great package deal
Picture quality, ease of use, build quality
Good customer service
Great camera for a great price
Great quality at a good price
Good quality images and hardware, Nice ergonomic design, 3X optical zoom
Easy to use; high quality pictures; 
Great images, easy to use, easy to download pictures
Easy to use, high quality photos.
Everything!
Features, image quality
excellent design, lots of features
Portable, easy to use
Great pictures, very easy to use, excellent software, brilliant color. 
Has Features of Cameras Double the Price, EXCELLENT Value!
Simple to use, Easy menus, User friendly
Easy to use, sharp detailed images
Very easy to navigate menu and change settings. Software drivers integrate well with photo applications.
Great quality pictures, fast download speed, fast loading speed, great features.
good price for a camera with zoom
Outstanding indoor shots. Optical zoom. Good battery life. USB.
Sleek, Durable, Megapixel, easy to use good quality photos.
Easy to use, great pictures, good size, mostly reliable
sturdy, dependable, reliable, clear
Easy to use, great software.
Great resolution, simple to use
superb photo quality and ease of use. light and rugged enough to take being knocked around. 
excellent, uncomparable quality
Easy to use, Takes decent photographs
Wonderfully detailed pictures
great camera,
Great image quality
Good picture quality, point and click, unlimited storage on compact cards, and audio capability.
Ease of use, Excellent Pictures
Easy to use
Very good overall
zoom/number of pictures/quality
picture quality, optical zoom, price
Resolution, Zoom, LCD
great combination of features for price
See your pictures NOW!!
great pictures, lots of features, price is coming down!
HIGH quality, lightning speed downloads, easy to use
Excellant Detail, Easy to use and hook up
Great camera, usb interface is wonderful
USB compatible, easy to use, zoom feature, viewfinder  ,
Ease of use, vibrant color
high resolution, zoom, USB connection
ease of use, customizable O/S, good quality image &amp;amp; color
Takes great pictures.
Superb image quality, easy to use graphical user interface, easy upgradeability (CompactFlash cards)
image quality
great color, easy to use
picture quality; ease of use
Decent resolution, good quality, ease of use
Easy to use, good photo quality, small in size
Excellent picture quality, ease of use, super software support
Great Quality, a lot of options for picture quality.  Options of 56-300+ pictures (32MB Card)
quality photos, very easy to use software
Easy to navigate and use, more than sufficient memory, rechargeable batteries, great photos even at 8 x 10
Functions
Stunning Image Quality, Lots of Storage, Good software bundle
Amazing resolution
Great Value, Lots of features
Quality photos, USB connection
Easy to use, great picture quality
Excellent image quality, good price, USB support
Easy to use, good resolution, large memory
Excellent photos
Very easy to use
Super easy to use, great picture quality, small in size
&lt;b&gt;Excellent pictures, versatile, affordable&lt;/b&gt;
Size, Price, Resolution, Menu Layout
Great photos for the price, easy to use, sturdy
Easy to use. Good still shots on cloudy days.  
Easy to use, Software installs easily, Customer service is excellent
comprehensive features
It's very easy to take great photos with this camera!
Good quality pictures
Sharp Photos at 2.0 Mega Pixels, Good brand, and User Friendly
sharp, clear pictures with great color; compact; CompactFlash media
Everything is in the box, 20Mb memory card, quick start up time, USB support
Speed, res, size, quality
mega pixel mega pixel!!!
superb pic quality, easy of use
rugged, great pictures, easy to use
Great Pictures!
Size/USB Interface/Storage Capacity/2Mpixels/Zoom/Menu
USB, high res, large memory
Great photo quality
Almost everything
Cool features and great customer service
easy to use, great pictures
easy to use, takes great photos
instant gratification/excellent quality
Everything!!!!!
great pics
Great pictures, easy to use
Great pix;Quality bundle;A kid could use it
Memory
Great resolution, easy to use (point and click)!!
Price
Easy to use and quality photos
2.3 Megapixels, USB interface
lots of manual settings
size, price, image quality, ease of use
Great Images, Optical Zoom, Good features
Image quality, size, menu system
Great pictures, quick turn around to send them on the internet...
price, resolution, ease of use, features, zoom, picture sharpness, exposure and resolution, durability
Superb pictures, easy to use, good price.
everything
Great pictures, standard JPEG pictures
Price, stunning still pics, usb
Very simple use
Great pictures, great software and easy to carry around!
Ease of use
great photos,can be found on sale
Instant access to pictures, ease of use, editing on computer
clear pics,  easy operation, customizable features
Excellent picture quality, easy to use
easy and efficient/durable
High Resolution, Zoom Capabilities, and User Friendly Camera Manual Instructions and   NI-MH rechargeable battery and Charger
Amazing quality, USB interface, large memory card included
Great pics, fun, easy to use, good price
Fantastic pictures, saves money over the long run, instant gratification
Picture quality, ease of use
USB, Smart Media card expands storage and transfer options, pictures are crisp and clear
Great pictures, Cost
Simple quality images
picture quality, ease of use, great software
Great Outdoor in sun pictures
2x optical zoom lens and heaps more
Image quality, ease of use, durability, USB connection 
Kodak name
Easy to use
easy to use, saves money on film
small, excellent picture quality
snapshots, instant preview/review
great photos, easy to use
Easy to use, great quality
Great resolution, decent zoom
Ease of use, quality of results
Price, Features, Nice Screen
Fast transfer to pc with USB included.
Easy to use, durable, quality photos
It Is A Digital Camera
Excellent camera for the price
Easy to use
Nice Pictures, Sturdy Case, Flexible Controls
Resolution, usage, aesthetics
image quality, value,ease of use
Great Camera , Awesome Photos
Great colors,detail,ease of use &amp;amp; price
great photos
TV-out, great image quality, good software
LCD Monitor,Resolution,Price
excellent photos, CF memory, point-and-click
easy to use, light weight.
All the features I will ever need!
Terrific Pictures
Super easy to use, a lot of features for the price, great flash
2 Megapixel
Great Quality Pictures&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Comes with all the extras you need
Size, cost, versatility, cost savings, picture quality, comes with rechargeable batteries.
Easy to use; Good indoor/outdoor quality; Good color/picture quality
Easy to use and comes with everything to start taking beautiful digital photos.
Great looking daylight pics, Easy to operate
Beautiful picture quality
Good picture quality, CompactFlash compatible, decent zoom, many advanced features.
Fantastic Picture Quality; Durable well built camera.
excellent pictures, sound recording, sturdy build, low light capabilities, USB connectivity
sharp images, great color reproduction, neat features, intuitive interface
Beautiful HI RES pictures achieved! Fair pricing! 
Excellent picture quality, impressive features.
Incredible photo quality. The ability to take uncompressed photos (TIFF).
Great Pictures
Resolution, 20mb memory included
2.3 megapixels, 2240X1500(max resolution), 24 bit color, JPEG or TIFF formatting, audio capabilities, 20 MB memory card 
Easy to use, USB capable
Quality &amp;amp; Ease of Use
Great photos, can add lenses and filters, large dynamic range in photos.
Great pictures, Audio, 2 megapixel, 3x zoom, USB
Convenience, no film to develop, ease of use
Image quality, accurate auto-sensors
So easy to use from Point and Shoot to Uploading!
Easy to use, Video and sound function, and Good picture quality 
Great image quality, easy use with Windows
Good price; semi-pro camera; 3MP range W/Digita Scripting and GPS interface capability
Worked, for about one year
Excellent usage
Great picture quality and depth, produces great printed copies
Excellent Pictures, Easy to Use
Great pictures, easy to use, scriptable
Outstanding features and photos
High-tech made easy!
incredible image quality, big (32mb!) compactflash card
Great specs, great value, CompactFlash, USB, extras, software, support
Great resolution, zoom feature, usb
every feature in the book, super clear photos
unbelievable images
Size, Quality, Speed, Picture Quality
Great camera, Easy to use
Good, solid camera, suitable for the everyday user
its bundled with a lot of extras!
top of the line, great quality, lot's of new functions
Excellent photo quality, many nice features, easy to use
very good camera
very good picture quality
Great resolution, fairly easy to use, high picture capacity
Out of the box digital camera
excellent picture quality
all plus pictures, ease. controls
Excellent color reproduction and fine detail reproduction, a lot of features, allows you store uncompressed images, USB interface
Great pictures, easy to use and adjust
Quality Pictures
Resolution, ease of use
Great Camera for $900-$1200 range
supports scripts, picture quality
ok at snapshots
Color accuracy; consistent program modes
Picture quality, durability, design, ease of use.
User friendly, easy tutorials
digita scripting, very easy to use interface
Ease of use and quality of pictures
easy to use great quality photos
- 2-megapixels resolution - compression-free imaging - PC or Mac connection via USB port
Great quality pictures
easy to use, wonderful quality pictures
Images, features, price, design
Works like a camera, great color
Superb Image Capture
Excellent quality pictures,NiMh battery operation,USB interface. This is a must camera for vacations as you can take hundreds of pictures on a 64M CF card.Couldn't imagine doing this on a Sony which uses floppy disks. 
Zoom Capability,20mb card,recharging batteries,great reprints on Epson printer.
Excellent pictures, easy to use
Big CCD, great quality pictures, lots of features.
Easy to use, 2" LCD screen, use of Digita scripts, professional image quality, 3x zoom
2.1 megapixel with 3.3 capable. custom scripting, point and shoot
Great picture quality, configurable, hackable, customizeable scripts
High resolution pics great for printing.
Extremely sharp photos.  Easy to use after you become familiar with it.
Inexpensive, very easy to use.
LOW COST, EASY USE, GOOD QUALITY
Easy&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Decent quality
Lightweight, easy to use and takes reasonably good pictures for the low price.
Simple, Cheap, Fun
simple, quick!
easy to use, several features, AA battery operated
Immediate pictures
clear pics, zoom, easy to use
super low price of $60, 2 MB memory, AA battery operated, LCD, simple to use
easy to use, compatible with flash memory cards
Great beginner camera, easy to use features, price!
1 MP, int 2 MB, uses CF cards, easy to use, uses standard AA batteries
Great buy for the features and picture quality!
picture quality, LCD screen, easy to use, compact card flash
Good starter camera, memory expansion, quality pictures, pricing, trusted name.
Ergonomically sound. , Great "beater" camera., Ease.of functionality
Great camera for beginers.
Very inexpinsive
fast east pictures, great for quick upload to web site or email
Durable,Memory,Low price,decent pic quality.2x zoom
EASY TO USE First Digital Camera
easy to use, well priced, compact flash card capable, uses AA's
Awesome photos
lightweight
Easy to use, good price
Very vivid LCD Display.  Excellent Quality Pictures
Fairly easy to get started, low price.
It cannot be any easier to use.  Good photo quality for price range.
PRICE, Memory, Bundle
Affordable price,, Light weight,, Good quality of pictures in day-light
Price, quality, ease of use.
Price, size, durability
Low price.  Easy to use.  All the basics.  Serial cable makes it compatible with any 32-bit Windows PC
a &amp;quot;snap&amp;quot; to use, variety of functions, lightweight
Solid hardware, good software
Cheap, 2MB Onboard Memory, LCD
Excellent price, very easy to use with a great menu setup on the camera
Price, Ease of Use
Good quality photos, low price, easy to use
Easy to use and inexpensive
excellent photos, easy to use, reasonable price
Razor sharp pictures, long battery life, plenty of features and a low price.
Easy to use, good price
Can see photos right away, very easy to use
Great photos.
Kodak name, Price, easey to use
Inexpensive. Great starter camera.  Uses AA batteries 
easy cheap quick and a lot of fun 
Cheap.  Easy to use, clear menus, quick setup, decent photos with little effort.
Good Enough Pics for the money.
Price
Good camera for the money.
Great Digital Camera quality and ease of use. 
Picture quality, ease of use, features.
Excellent picture quality, sturdy, simple, good options, good customer support
Easy to handle and very good quality pictures, and selection options for selecting the quality.
Super easy to use, wonderful quality images, plenty of features, great price.
Handy, good picture quality, almost point-and-shoot
Great image quality, reliable, compatible with Mac &amp; Windows
Easy to use.  Easy to upload to Mac.
ok pics, big enough that it's hard to lose
Easy to use interface, easy to hook up to your computer and upload pictures, 
Excellent picture quality, easy to use, both optical and LCD viewfinders
Nice and small, solidly built, fast, clear and convenient. Great beginner!
Ease of use, solid feel
Small and Compact
I was taking pictures and e-mailing in 5 minutes.
Image Quality, Connectivity, Build Quality and style, rock solid drivers
excellent image quality, pretty good zoom lens, usb interface, video out port
Good camera for those getting started with digital photography.
*Easy to Use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Durable (Doesn't feel Cheap)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Great Pictures&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Great Battery Life&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Nice Menus
Very easy to use, takes wonderful Photos&amp;#13;&amp;#10;highly recommended.
Ease of Use, Picture Quality
Sparking little performer; super features
Ease of use
Great pictures, has features usually found on more expensive cameras
Easy to use
easy to use - great picture quality
Easy to Use right out of the box on Auto mode
good build quality, good price, great menus
great pictures, easy to use in taking pictures
my 10 year old and grandmother can both operate it!
Great Quality Photos
Easy to use and you will like the results
Ease of use, image quality, price
Great quality photos!
Easy to understand interface and nice icons. Lots of functions not found on all cameras
Terrific Picture Quality, Optical Zoom, Decent Battery Consumption
Very User Friendly, Good Picture Quality
Ease of connection, Menu Options make it easy to delete unwanted pictures quickly, not complex.
Great, fun, feature rich, good price for the Mpxls.
easy to use, easy to transfer pictures
Incredibly easy to use!
Perfect for 35mm SLR users, great price
Photo quality, color, easy-to-use, features... and so on.
High megapixel, good features at a moderate price.  
Good resolution, handles like a 35mm, as much or as little control as you like.
Good image quality for well-lit areas, easy, simple operation
3+ Mega-Pixels and Great performance!&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to Use, Easy to maintain.
GREAT pictures!  Easy to use, helpful software package, USB
Excellent bang for the buck. Well constructed. Attractive.
Beautiful, sharp pictures, really easy to use yet versatile!
Very good digital images
Fast cycling of pictures, plenty of features and manual controls
Many features for the price and easy to use. 
Good Zoom, Sturdy access Doors, Size, Ease of Use
durable, space saving compressed mode, WinXP supported
Great cam, good color
built in battery recharger, uses Fuji NP-80 battery
Many Pros
Great quality, ease of use
lots of features and easy to use 
Price, Ease of use, Build Quality
Great picture quality, rechargeable batteries last quite a while
Sharp vibrant 8x10s routine. Great manual controls, flash terminal.
Built-in battery charging, great analog controls
High Quality, speed, controllability
Great Pictures!
picture quality, ease of use
Photo quality, ease of use, size and weight
clarity, resolution, zoom power
beautiful, saturated color, zero or low  noise, standard flash  sync,  ease of photographic controls
Quality
super easy to use, very good quality photos
3.1 megapixel, never need film again (process your own pictures), excellent user guide.
Almost normal size.  Great pictures.  As easy or as complicated as you want.
Finest High End Digital Serious Amateur Camera Available
vivid colors, astonishing picture quality and details, great design and ergonomics, USB
Good for price --- now..... :-(   Good low-light performance.&amp;#160;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Fast USB transfer, many features, sturdy body &amp; design
Great features &amp; price.  Good for beginner or advanced users.  3.1 megapixels.  It's a Kodak.
Cheap! Fast. Excellent photo quality. Very easy to operate. Good menu system. 
None
Beautiful color and vivid detail
Rugged construction, decent pictures in well lit areas.
Great Quality Pictures and simple to use in automatic mode!
construction,controls,light adjust.
Price / Performance - quality of pictures - all the features!!
Priced right, 3.1 Megapixles, 5  per second auto shots, Auto manual f-stops.
great price for such great features.
THE camera for the active lifestyle.
Nice picture quality. Decent price ($260)
Lots of Storage, Easy to Use, and very fun.
Rugged, easy to use, good pictures
Weather-Proof. Durable. Easy to use.  Big Camera.
Good quality pictures, rugged camera and USB connectivity.
Large buttons, easy navigation, great pictures, easy to use.
Durability, photo quality, and ease of use.
Weatherproof, takes excellent pictures. The take anywhere camera
I own this camera, and its the best digital camera I have ever had!!!
Zoom, Weather Proof
Quality Pictures, Good batter life, rugged, USB
- Weather proof casing - 2-megapixels resolution - Windows or Apple
Small size, two million pixels o' fun, versatile and weatherproof.
Great resolution,great feel, weatherproof and much much more.
Easy to use.  Weatherproof.  Takes great pictures.  Oversize buttons for easy use.
great pics, solid weatherproof construction
- Weather proof casing &amp;#13;&amp;#10;- 2 megapixels resolution &amp;#13;&amp;#10;- Windows or Apple
Rugged, waterproof, droppable, easy to use
Rugged, Kodak Authentication Module, ActiveX interface.
Easy to use, takes great pictures, battery life not too bad
low price for digital
Clear Pictures - Easy to use
Ease of use
Easy to use, Good documentation, Flash can be turned off, Camera comes with everything necessary to use immediately
Great for people who like to take lots of pictures.
Great pictures, great pricing
Ease of use, quality of picture, price.
Cost effective
Ease of Use
Easy to use!!
Lightweight and easy to use
Good buy, good performance
Charge time, charger size
Good Quality
Clear, Beautiful Color Pictures
Great colors, features 
takes wonderful pictures
Easy to use, quality pictures
Rugged and durable camera takes quality photos. Now a real bargain at $200 range.
Video Out, 1,152x864
Great pictures, nice software bundle, comes with AC adapter and 8MB memory card
Good-looking photos and easy to use
Easy Function Modes
You can delete any pictures that you don't want, and only keep the ones you do. No developing fees
Ease of use, good quality flash pictures, good menus for setup
Small good digital outdoor shots
best digital camera for the money, fine quality
Nice menus, great view screen
Good for price and the size and weight to carry around with you.
sharp, clear photographs
Easy to use
Easy, lightweight, durable, good pics
Ease of use, price
Reliable,good range,excellent pictures, mid-range price
easy to use, good pictures, affordable
Optical Zoom, great pictures, great price
great pixels, easy to use
Easy operation/excellent results
Great Pictures &amp;amp; Room for Creativity
Easy to use, durable, great preview display
zoom,removable memory card
Excellent Picture quality; easy to use; easy to load to PC; reasonable priced
View screen instant review. point and shoot, high resolution photos
good size
timer,flash,it's a camera
NEVER HAVE TO BUY FILM OR PAY FOR DEVELOPING
Easy to use, great quality pictures
good photo quality
Ease of installation, use and Kodak quality
Ease of Use
Easy, fun, save $$$ on film and developing!
Ease of use, additional software, packaged accessories
Can take Hundreds of Pictures
Great quality pictures, ease of use, zoom lens, many options
Price, ease of use
Awesome Pictures, Web ready and allot cheaper then a regular Camera
Small, efficient, easy to use
See Opinion
Great pictures, Very easy to use.  
No more films to be developed!!!
Price
Very easy to shoot photos and transfer them to the PC
Great pictures at a great price
quality, features, price
Crisp photos, inexpensive batteries
Great picture quality, large disk, easy to use, optical viewfinder, and the tv cable.
Rugged. Dependable. Forgiving!
Very easy for beginners to use.
Good image quality. Easy to use. Good software package included.
sturdy, great picture quality
great pictures good price
Good for Point and Shoot, okay picture quality.
Excellent, affordable, user friendly
Fairly inexpensive digital camera that takes tolerable, if not terribly good, photographs
sturdy design, easy to use
easy to use, software package included, affordable
Hi quality sleek camera with megapixel capability for a great price
Simple to Use
Takes Fantastic pictures !!!!!
Inexpensive/Sturdy/Reliable/Quality Camera
easy transfer of pictures to cpu, affordability
takes very nice pictures
Good Picture Quality for 1 MegaPix, Very easy to use
Easy to use, acceptable picture quality.
CompactFlash memory, good picture quality, easy to use.
Easy to use, excellent picture quality, nice software bundle
Quality shots, ease of use, durable, lightweight.
Easy of Use, Weight, Quality of Photo's
Excellent, rich color photos; easy to use
Picture Quality &amp;amp; Software Bundle are excellent.
Price/Performance
inexpensive, and multiple benefits
Ease of Operation, Design 
quality
can take some abuse, loaded with features
quality pictures, affordable
Very user friendly, great close-up capabilities
Incredible ISO rating, easy, cheap, lcd panel
Handy, Inexpensive Entry Level
LCD screen
Pretty Basic Model - for novice
Ease Of Use
Has a digital display screen
Easy to use, has LCD picture review panel, takes CompactFlash memory cards
Fun, cheap (by now), good if you're willing to do a LOT of touch-up
easy to use. inexpensive. lots of features of more expensive cameras
Easy of use, Photo Quality, Fun
Great Image quality
Resolution, Supports USB, CF, AA batteries
Good features, easy to use, built-in zoom and wide angle, good software.
Very user friendly
Great image quality, Easy to use, Loaded with features
Great Value
Excellent quality pictures, easy to use, good control over exposure
100
Very easy to use.
excellent pictures when it works properly
Handling, ease of use, excellent quality
Great Photo Quality, Easy Use, Expansive Features
Good picture quality, connects well to PC's
You can customize anything, Great resolution.
Like a 35 mm Camera with great support
It does what it's supposed to do.
Great pictures
cross platform, telephoto, audio recording
size, features, image quality
Easy to Use, Large LCD Screen, Great In-Camera Menu, Great Resolution, Very Adequate Zoom, Easy to Change Compact Flash Card.
image quality, options
Great Camera: very reliable and easy to use.  Works with all computers even macs.
no film development, high quality, older generation camera = cheaper
professional options
Acceptable image quality, get to see photos right away
read below
High resolution, easy to use, great software.
Picture quality, Ease of use, good looking
Great color rendition; clear, crisp photo quality
Overall good quality pictures
ergonomics, image quality
Great pictures.  
Splendid pictures with great detail and superb color.
very fun, great resolution and picture results
Lots of features and great flexibility
firmware,autorotate,backlit shots
Nice photographs
Easy file transfer and easy-to-use Kodak image editing software. Camera features are extremely nice.
EASY to use! Idiot proof! Just like the commercial.
Very easy to use, inexpensive, sturdy.
easy to use, video out, lcd and traditional viewfinders
incredibly easy to use, very light
Easy download of pictures, good starter software, easy to use
Easy to use, small, light
Cost, quality of photos
Very easy to use -- you an figure it out without the manual.
easy to get started.. low cost
Easy start, quick to set up for picture taking.
Lightweight, great picture quality at an affordable price
Cheap, Easy to use. Did I mention cheap 
Good, cheap, decent pictures, easy to use
good pictures, Good exposure, low cost, compact, very easy to use
Easy to use, lightweight, great pictures
Inexpensive , easy to use , uses AA.
Easy to use, great picture quality, easy editing, one touch picture transfer, inexpensive
Delicately balanced color photos, simplified picture snapping, one-touch picture downloading, handsome camera body. , 
Price, Optical Zoom, Memory
Easy to use, versatile, small
Takes great pictures, easy to use.
Lightweight, attractive, protected lens, internal memory, great zoom, expansion slot.
Easy to use, excellent quality pictures, lots of useful features, looks like a film camera
Compact, lightweight
Good quality pics, easy access to pics, affordable with basic features
small, light, fast shutter speed, internal 16 megs. memory with option of smartmedia disks.
Inexpensive, easy to upload, easy to carry around, good picture quality
3x optical zoom, SD/MMC slot, video out, macro mode, easy menus, batteries
An affordable 3.2MP camera that's easy to use in most conditions. 
great camera for the  3.1 PIXEL
Great images, software, and most of all great price for the quality.
Ease of use, price and quality of pictures, 
Highest resolution I could find for the price!  Real glass lens!
Very good 3.2MP camera at a wonderful price anyone can afford.
good picture quality, easy to use, works well with iPhoto on macs, uses SD media
Very nice camera for the price. Easy to use, nice quality pictures
Inexpensive, easy to use, compact
Easy to use, high resolution 3.2 MP ,Good picture quality , Affordable price
Good price for 3 megapixels, offers great software picture modification.
Price, Picture Quality, Ease of Use, Great for Beginners
Takes excellent photographs and is easy to use
Easy to use, straight forward functions and design.
Lightweight.  Easy to use.  Good customer service, so far.
EasyShare system makes fast picture transfer; easy e-mailing and printing; battery recharging
Amazing pictures, easy and fast picture transfer, good flash.
Quick easy setup, simple USB connection with XP. User friendly options/settings menu.
Wonderfully easy, durable, not too expensive.
Durable, software easy to use, downloading pictures easy.
Point &amp; shoot, easy transfer of pics
Very easy to use.  Good quality for casual picture taking.
loads fast, easy USB picture transfer, good battery life, nice pictures
Easy, powerfull, camera dock 
Compact, light weight, very affordable for the picture quality, 8mb of internal memory
Extremely easy to use, Low Price, Fantastic Images, light weight, expandable!
Price, Ease of Use, GREAT Photo Quality, Easy Pic Transfer Software, Lightweight.
Simple to learn how to use, clear pictures
Easy to learn &amp; use; Decent battery life; Light weight
Excellent photo quality, ease of use, features
Easy to use and reasonably priced.
Price, ease of use, lightweight, great pictures, fast transfer time
Easy to use.  Feel of a traditional point and shoot.  Nice quality pictures.
Easy to use, takes great pics for the average user, docking station is great.
So far the pictures I've taken has amazed me on how clear they are
Great pictures @ 800 size and under, ease of use, value.
Simple, easy to use, no additional equipment to buy.
EXCELLENT choice for digital cameras under $300!
Big pics crystal clear, kid can use it, very light, long battery life
Small and easy to handle
cost,image resolution/quality, software bundle
Works very well and very easy to use.
Docking Station, Video with Sound, USB, Can add lenses, Easy to use buttons
User friendly
Great camera at a great price - crystal clear stills and movies with audio.
Easy to use
Great pictures, lightweight, easy to use
2x optical zoom, internal lens cover, basic and easy to understand controls
Easy to use, takes good pictures
camera is easy to use, base is SUPERB, great quality still shots
easy to use, great photo quality, nice-sized screen, can make short videos, not too expensive
Fairly cheap; Integrated lens cover
Very easy to set up and use, especially for a novice. Excellent value. 
Fun, relatively easy to use, makes short video clips, good pictures
low battery usage, price, photo quality, ease of use, optional dock
Simple design and easy to use, usb, widely available, useful software, many optional accessories
It's lightweight. Easy to transfer pictures. 
Very simple to operate, even has a reasonably priced set of extra lenses available.  
Good Picture Quality, Optical Zoom, Large LCD
ease of use (camera &amp; software) great photos, even in low resolution (900X600) mode
Easy to use. The functions were simple to figure out.
Great high resolution photos with optical and digital zoom
Great picture quality, optical zoom and digital zoom, fast downloads
good specs; completely automatic; detailed images with excellent colour; mindlessly easy use; 2x optical zoom
Being able to see the picture you've taken, just seconds after pushing the button. 
Next to the photos I took with my 35mm and they are just as good.
Excellent picture quality, ease of use, video capability
Simple to use, quality photos in daylight, movie clips with sound
Nice software, alot of options, pictures seem to be good
Very easy to use, pro quality pictures, nice design.
Ease of use
Easy to use, good quality pictures.  
Easy to Use, takes good picture and videos
OK pictures
So easy to use, friendly controls, light weight, great photo quality &amp; movies!
Average camera
Price, good photographs, easy to use
very good picture quality for a 2.2 megapixel camera.Very,very easy to use.
Really great colors and crisp pictures.
Great Quality Photos, Easy To Use
8MG Internal Memory&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Optical Zoom&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Audio for videos&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Can watch previews on the TV
Very easy to use,Inexpensive,Great pics.
Very easy to use and understand functions.  Great quality for price. Great for beginners.
Picture quality, easy menu/operation, quick focus/picture time
Easy to use, Nice Pictures, Good battery life.
Very easy to use, Great picture quality
Great Pictures. Easy to use. Great movie mode. Very good camera for a low price.
Video,zoom,resolution,price,memory usage
Great looking pictures up to 8X10
Kodak software included. USB connection. Easy to use.
Small, lightweight, 8-shot burst mode, simple interface, easy USB sharing.
Great ease of use, multifunctional, great features
Price, Weight, Durability and performance
small, lightweight, takes good pictures in low light, good battery life
Easy, portable, looks great
Easy, point and shoot. Great software for transferring from camera to PC via USB.
Many options for picture manipulation, expansion slot for 64MB card, preview shot on LCD screen
Pro&amp;#146;s&amp;#9;- Simple to set up and use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Ease of use Quality of output and Reputation
Excellent picture quality, good battery life, easy to use
This camera was the most affordable 3.1 megapixel model I found.
A very simple camera to operate, not too many features or settings to master
Easy to use, Great pictures
Good picture quality, ease of use, solid construction, memory card slot, 3 quality settings. 
both software and camera are easy enough for anyone to operate
Small, Lightweight, Great Picture Quality
Compact, lightweight and good quality
Clear pictures, easy to use
It is easy to grip.
With the dock, it is fairly easy to upload pictures to the computer
Easy to use with better than expected photo results.   
It produces a great quality photo.
Very Nice Picture Quality, Good Value, Slideshow ability on TV!!!
Very easy to use, good printed image quality, priced right.
Easy to transfer to computer; great to e-mail and share pictures; Battery
Easy to use, great pictures
Easy to use, Idiot proof
Extremely user-friendly, responsive, battery life (2xAA), useful features, picture quality, long exposure times.
Low price for 3MegaPix camera.  Easy to use. Uses only 2 AA batteries.
Quality and size.
Easy to use,great picture quality,docking unit 
Extremely easy to use, good quality pictures
very easy to learn and use. Great photos
Small and easy to carry, great software, multi-purpose
Easy to use, has lens cover!
Easy to use, Great quality image Picture, Good price. Worth your Money!
Extremly long battery life with the CRV
Easy to use
price, standard cf card, AA, compact, quick, and lots more
Easy to use, small, decent quality.
Kodak quality and reputation; Lightweight and easy to use; Good battery life.
Handy cradle
Powerful feature set, good value.
Small &amp; Light, Straight-forward operation
Compact, Good Battery life, very basic to use
Image color integrity is great., Battery life is long (70 images)
good picture quality, easy to use, fits just about anywhere
Great Camera.  Great pictures taken.  Large viewfinder.
VERY easy to use, quick picture transfer, easy to read menus, high quality display.
Easy to use, compact, great quality in daylight, simple transfer, easy menus.
easy to use
Easy easy to use.  Solid little camera
Easy to Use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great Software&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
nice color, easy, compact, uses CF, AA battery and USB, long exposure
Wasted $450 bucks--could have been worse
incredible photos, accurate color, quick shutter, point and shoot, fun, small
Does everything that you need a digital camera to do. Stills,movie mode close ups
Relatively inexpensive compared to other 3MP digital cameras
good resolution, compact size, easy to use
Ease of use, light weight, low cost, good quality images/video
Affordable, high quality pictures, easy to use.
Easy to use, great picture quality, excellent computer interface
Great picture quality, easy to use
Easy to use/menus. Accepts AA batteries., 16MB internal memory. Nice big LCD display.
Ease of use, photo quality, movies with sound, zoom, fast recharge, features
Easy to use, good quality pictures, good video, too.
Nice resolution, good feel in the hand, good price
Amazing pictures
Great Point 'N Shoot. Great Pictures. Software is easy to use and Intuitive.
User friendly, great pics up to 14x11's. Great zoom.
very handy, cheaper than using film. The delete option!!
Excellent Mid-Lvl Digital Camera for the professional hobbyist or family fun.
Ease of use, durability, price compared to other 3mpx cameras
Very good price for the features.  Especially the 3x optical zoom.
Very easy to use.  I liked the multiple settings it offers.
Very easy to use, Great picture Quality, Video with Audio is a great feature
Easy and Great Quality Pictures
Very simple to use. Photos turn out very clear.
Easy to use, good clear picture, good software.
Picture quality is just as good as the higher megapixil cameras, and it's cheaper.
Good picture quality for JPG compression
Truly easy to share, high quality rich color photos!
3.1 MP/3x Optical Zoom and Affordable
Great color rendition, easy to use, quick donwnload to PC, small and lightweight.
High Resolution, self-timer, video input, great size and style.
User Friendly, Great Price, Quality Output
Available features for the price. Ease of use. Incredible close-up shots.
A 4-Megapixel Camera at a low price!
Best value for 4mg out there.  Easy to use!  Easy to upload to printer services!
Picture quality is great and easy to use
Lively and pleasing colors, relative ease of use.
1-High Res camera at a great price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;2-Great Kodak support in education and quality
Inexpensive, convenient dock, easy to use, accepts standard batteries.
Easy to use and import pictures
4.0 megapixel, price, ease of use
compact size, high quality pictures, excellent battery life
Works great out of the box, outstanding picture quality, battery flexibility
Ease of Use, handy strap, 
Easy to Use, Great Picture Quality
Picture quality, bright display.
price, great zoom capability, great pic. resolution
Took it out of the box and had pictures on my computer in 15 minutes!!
Ease of operation, excellent picture quality, value
It worked fine during the warranty period
excellent value, simple to use, has features only found in more expensive cameras
Good picture quality for still items. It is under $400. 
Ease of use, outstanding picture quality, great value
Easy to setup and use, fast focus, great contrast range &amp; high-quality color
Easy to use, loaded with features, small and portable, battery life
Easy to use, many features, small and portable, and the battery life, well focused shots
excellent quality, price, easy of use
4 Megapixel, Produces great images suitable for printing, rechargeable battery
For Those Who Like The Simplicity From A Digital Camera
Amazing picture quality, very easy to use
Picture quality, price, self explanatory menus
Buy it! Great first digital camera, Comes with docking station, charger, fair price, great quality.
Easy to use.
Excellent pictures, very easy to configure, simple picture upload, very high quality all around.
easy to configure
Marketing
easy to use, good functional docking station
Good design and size; price; lithium-ion rechargeable battery
size, camera dock, software, lots of features, internal memory.
very easy to use
The best picture quality I've seen the cameras in that price range!
Picture Quality, value, easy to use, small size, rechargeable battery
Great for the 1st three months. Very easy to use.
Lightweight, easy use, versatile, great quality photography
Small, inexpensive, easy to use, OK features.
Low Cost, Easy To Use, USB Interface, Acceptable Picture Quality
Very easy to use!
good value, nice price, works good, 
Tiny, light, self-contained, USB, cool
Cheap&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Record Short Videos
Easy to use, compact,light, amount of pictures
cheep 
size, ease of use, price
USB connectivity, easy operation
excellent value, does video clips, very easy to use, web cam capability
Small and easy to use
Inexpensive, Works as Camera, Video Camera and Web Camera.  Very Easy To Use
The price is right, it takes a lot of pictures as well as video.
great camera for beginners, easy to use, USB, inexpensive
Lightweight, good/great image quality, webcam capability, USB interface
Neat compact design.  A good price for digital camera/camcorder/mp3 player.
Its small and compact
*Many functions&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Good battery usage for the three AAA batteries.
Ergonomic, compact, easy to use, multipurpose, good sound, good microphone pick up
Half the price it used to be...Video/mp3/stills PLAYS MP3PROS!!!
handy, nice mp3 player, fun toy
3 Things in one. Easy connectivity and transfer of files. Only 16MB card.
the mp3 portion has decent sound
Great mp3 player, compact, easy to use.
Decent video, decent mp3 capability, photo size perfect for emailing.
mp3 player/camera in one!!
Great MP3 Player, also does good job with Quick Time movies.
High-quality movies, long battery life, easy-to-use MP3 controls
Fun to play with; excellent mp3 player; good digital video
Small, compact and easy to use!
Small, attractive design, nice interface, high degree of multifunctionality
Cool Features, Combined System, Nice holding.
Simple to use, performs basic functions easily, portable, perfect for certain uses
Compact, hand held 3 in one toy.  Easy to record and 'port data.
A Great Concept from convergence of two very good companies
Print Quality Very Good 
can print from camera card
Ability to view and print directly from memory cards
Colour Preview screen, Small Footprint, Smartmedia &amp; CF card Slots, Onboard editing ability, 
Good Value; Good Prints; LCD preview makes it easy to print without a PC
photo printing without a computer.  print quality.
Great quality photos without having to use the PC, easy to use, reasonable price.
Excellent Print Quality, LCD Viewing Screen, No PC Required.
Low price, doubles up as digicam card reader, can print without computer
very easy assembly, accepts most infant car seats, stylish
Spacious, Ample Storage Space, Sturdy, Collapses Easily, Great Features, Affordable!
Huge storage basket, entertaining toys in front, fits most infant carriers
Spacious, large wheels, neat looking, fits perego carseat, LARGE basket / easy side access
Durable. Lots of storage. Gets the job done.
good suspension, storage space, long and spacious for the kids
Huge Storage Basket, Attached Toys
Very big, great seating, large storage on bottom, reasonably priced.
Looks nice, fun toy for kids, holds infant carseat
Very spacious, comfy for kids, holds infant seat
Lots of storage, easy handling, stylish, very affordable
Softer Seat; Reclines; Sunshade; Longer Handles than other umberella strollers
Lightweight at only 12 lbs., easy to unfold and fold with child in arm.
Comfortable handles, cup holder, nice canopy, back support, reclining seat option, substantial wheels,  Cup holder!!!!
lightweight, inexpensive
seat cover is removable,dark colors,basket underneath,
Inexpensive, easy to use and fold
lightweight, assembly, back support
lightweight, has a canopy, good support in seat and backrest, easy to maneuver
Light weight, comfortable cloth, reclines, sun canopy, very maneuverable and compact
inexpensive, easy to fold, has 2 positions, cute print
Sturdy, well built
good cheap stroller
none
none
Lightweight, inexpensive, easy to use
easy to fold up
size, weight, price
lightweight, easy to use,
light and easy to use
Lightweight, easy to use, folds compactly
More goodies than other umbrella strollers
Comfort
Very easy to use, easy to close
Lightweight, only 12 lb.
Extremely lightweight 
Reclines, Padded seat
Lightweight, Reclines, Comfortable
compact!
Inexpensive, sturdy, easy-fold, reclining(!)
light weight, easy to use
lightweight, inexpensive, easy to fold, relatively well padded
Light, reclining, comfy
hmmm?
It reclines and is easy to move about.
Compact, lightweight, maneuverable, economical
Lightweight
Lightweight, reclining
Recline feature, excellent support for baby, price
Lightweight, more features than other umbrella stroller, more compact than the full size models
convenient, sturdy, durable
Great lightweight umbrella stroller
Compact and easy to open and close.
Lightweight, portable
side by side seats, lightweight, easy to fold and folds compactly
It folds with no problem!!!!
Folds up nicely and easily, lightweight.
A delight to push, easy to travel and store away.
Very compact for a double stroller, inexpensive, gets the job done
Lightweight, durable, great turning radius.
Compact when folded, reclines for younger infants
Children can sit next to one another, lightweight
Lightweight stroller.  Individually reclining seats.
More compact than most doubles
Nice if you have kids around the same age
Lightweight, Easy to fold, Durable, the best value!
economical, easy to use and lightweight
Light weight, durable, easy to use
seats two and steers easily
Easy to maneuver
lightweight, compact, easy to fold/open, looks good.
Folds compactly, easy to load, very affordable
Tiny size. Goes anywhere
Small, low battery use, flash, macro mode, 60 to 90 photo capacity, good software.
easy to use, small, great software
good for beginners
Price and size.
3-in-one, digital camera, video camera, and PC camera! 
small, light, good on batteries
good for the internet
easy to use, small, great software
Size, Software, Convenience
Ok for utility purposes, where quality is unimportant.
Decent pictures for the price, light, compact.
cheap, good if you don't care about quality
Cheap, lightweight
Nice pictures, low price
Cheap; decent photos; decent software.
Very inexpensive, meets my needs.
Small prices, easy to use
Very Lightweight construction, pop-up flash is handy,complete kit
Very light weight. Good clear outdoor daytime pictures.
cheap, easy to use
great picture and functionalityq
Price, Ease of Use, Power Cord While Uploading Photos, Timer
very low cost, good looking, small size
Takes some decent pictures once you turn the flash off.
Inexpensive~~easy to use
Very inexpensive, good pictures, fairly easy to use
Small size, decent quality pictures, AC adapter included
Price and value, compact size, AC adapter
good price, good photos, comes with a/c&amp;#13;&amp;#10;attachment, flash, battery
Digital photography at a throw-away camera price.
A low price entry into digital photography.
Absolutely no redeeming qualities about this camera.
Well, it looks like a real camera
Lightweight, easy to use, inexpensive and made just for beginners.
Good customer service; cheaper than a polyester suit
Cheap!
Cheap color printer
Inexpensive
great printer for the money
Cost Effective
LIGHTWEIGHT, EASY TO USE, GREAT PRICE &amp;amp; VERY GOOD COPIES
LOW PRICE ONLINE!!!
customer service
cost
inexpensive
Easy to use
Its cheap, on screen ink display
spare printer for quick jobs,   very quick
Got it for free
Cheap!
Lightweight and basic, simple set-up, print software
easy to install cartridges, pretty cheap, pretty good printing quality
affordable
Price, speed, DPS, Quality
Low price.
Inexpensive, good for infrequent use
Nice software that came with it. Picture quality wasn't to bad when it would work.
Good general purpose printer, reasonable speed for this class of printer
works
cheap
Cheap
quality
Quality, Printing Program
inexpensive
Nice printing quality
Easy to set up
Inexpensive, good printing speed and quality, easy to use
dirt cheap
Low price
Very slow
good picture quality
reliable
Easy to use
Affordable
Good color and graphic clarity.
Size, portability when necessary.
cost
works quickly and quietly
Inexpensive Color Printer
Nice Color quality
compact; easy-to-install; pretty decent quality
nice price, great programs, prints very good 
none
cheap
Part of a computer package deal
Good price
Price, quality of printing, quiet operation
Doesn't take much room, easy to install and use
Nice printing, somewhat fast
Low Price, High Quality, Long Cartridge Life
inexpensive, doesn't take up much space
Price and maybe size
Cheap, Cheap, Cheap
Good performance
Colorful and Affordable
High Quality
none
none
small, somewhat quiet
Inexpensive
Decent quality and durability
Small, Cheap
Price
reasonable price
quality of documents are very impressive
Price
price and print quality
Cost, ink monitor, good print quality, best for text
great quality
Cheap, good for home users.  
Not bad quality for an older printer.
Good Photo Output
Price, Price, Price
Low Price, Professional-Looking Documents
Cost
The quality of the print is not bad.
Easy To Use &amp;amp; Setup, Not Expensive For Ink Jet Refill Cartridges
small, cheap
.....
Pretty cheap now that they're a bit old. Fairly good print quality, with a reasonable print speed.
it's a printer
Cheap
decent printer for the price
Cheap printer with cheap cartridges
The price is the deception...
Cheap, small, easy to use printer program
would make a nice house for a family of mice
Dirt cheap.
Low price
easy to set up
Ease of use, cheap price, availability
Sometimes, it works
Cheap, decent quality
inexpensive
For a cheap printer, it will do an O.K. job, but that's all.
Nice picture quality
Reasonable price for a color inkjet
Inexspensive
for basic printing, this machine is fine
Reliable, solid
Easy to use, easy on ink
Very inexpensive.
Cost, efficient, 2-cartridge system
Prints photos beautifully!
Inexpensive two cartridge system
Inexpensive at the time
Price, setup, software
Simply the best home ink jet there is
Great quality print--both text and images, including photos, quick set-up, 1200 x 1200 resulotion
Speed and Quality
specs are good
Has lasted well for four years without service
Reliability, color, dpi
Good Print Quality, Good Price, Amazing Service
Ease of use, low maintance, highly reliable
Reliable, great quality output
inexpensive, good support
Good print
Color and text quality great, intuitive software, useful tech support website, small footprint
Good Output, Nice DPI
Dependable
Great quality of print
Near perfect print
warning the ink is running out
The price has fell, the reliablity is definitely built in.
Excellent  quality prints.  Easy operation. Price is right.
Great print quality
Good quality printing
Good, made by Lexmark....
quiet
Prints Fast, resolution is nice
Easy to change the ink cartridges, cool software with printer.  Great to keep as a backup printer.
Cheap.   Can print envelopes without removing paper.
Speed, Quiet, Detailed
price, size, print quality
Easy Operation
good color, small compact size, simple to use
great quality
Laser quality text prints, High resolution, Quick prints
Superb rendering of text, very good graphics
great quality
Stunning color accuracy, unmatched by any other inkjet manufacturer; software easy to use.
seems to work fine, saves you $$
Good quality, features, speed   - for an inkjet
Inexpensive initially
It comes in black!
An inexpensive printer, comes with 2 cartridges. Nice program. 
Cheap, Reliable, Relatively Small
Good software, price.
Low cost
easy setup, voice controls
Cheap, Printing in black and white is fairly good
Space Saving, Takes up little room, easy to install and setup
reasonable price and compact in size
nice price
Cheap
Good prints, cheap, light as a feather
GREAT PRICE, GREAT DPI, FAST, GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE
Easy to use and install, excellent price
Professional quality for pennys
good print quality
Paper weight
If you are looking for quality and afforability, look no further
High dpi (1200x1200)
good price, reliable, ease of installation
cheap.  Works standalone.  Zip hookup is nice.
Affordable,quiet,durable
Can print pretty good pictures
Set up of printer and software easy
decent printing
price
All Round Good Printer
Clear, crisp prints at an affordable price
Very Quiet, Resolution, Print Quality, Price
Quality, Price
Great printer, low price
Good looks, easy paper loading &amp;amp; cartridge change
It talks; the printing quality is good; very inexpensive
Please give comment
Easy to use, cheap price
1200x1200 res
Size makes a good fit in a lot of places,Works well with other accessories,Replacing ink is easy,Good price.
small, good quality color &amp;amp;b&amp;amp;w prints
Cheap and high quality
Value, functional, excellent color quality.
Rich and vibrant colours. Cheap.
Cheap printer
It's a printer...
It's a cheap alternative to a printer of quality
Relatively fast for a inkjet printer!&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great Price,Refillable Cartridge available.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Inexpensive, high quality prints
Small, easy to use
excellent quality and decent price
Pros: Cost of printer is low
Good color, cheap, easy to use with a nice user interface.
Great design, easy to use, easy to install, great quality prints, great speed, nice paper handling, good companion software
Setup, color, and cost
Cheap and effective
price and quality
Good price- extremely affordable,  great quality, very easy to setup and install
Cheap, Decent Quality
Quick, Efficient, and Amazing Printer
1200x1200 resolution
A solidly built  great little printer.
Sharp images, inexpensive
prints great
Very Cheap
good quality prints
Low price, nice printing quality
Cost, compact
phone looks nice, easy setup, most necessary features included
Excellent sound from earpiece; elegant design; beautiful (if not superlative) screen
Small for a flip phone, dual LCD displays, sturdy, easy to use interface, includes headset
Great Phone With A Great Layout and Design
Durable, Stylish, Clear Screen, Great Sound
Toughness, navigation ease
Very simple to use, great battery life, very durable, comes with ear wired ear piece.
Long battery life.
Small, stylish, vibrant color display, AWESOME RECEPTION, external display, "voice" keypad sound (makes it unique)
Looks cool, reasonable price.
nice flip, pretty, colorful, cute ring tones,
It looks good (yahoo...)
It was free...that's all.
See above
Talk/standby time, software/memory features, screens, Bluetooth and USB,  Four GSM frequency modes
Ultraslim aluminum metal case, bright display, Bluetooth, loud speakerphone, internal antenna
It is cool, speakerphone, options, size, bluetooth, sound
Stylish, well-built, excellent interface/menus, great functionality, performance, large screen
great graphics, 4x pictures, skinny phone
nice display, large phonebook, easy to use, wonderful design
Thin design; Stylish; Customization features
Maximum Cache and features, including blue tooth
Design, size and weight, user-friendliness of basic functions, large & vibrant screens.
THIN and light, Excellent sound quality, stylish.
Brilliant Design, clear and sharp screen, MPEG4 playback, Quad band support, Bluetooth
Solidly built, with a host of features.
appearance and design, Bluetooth capability, speakerphone, brilliant display
Big screen, long battery life, voice recorder and themes
Great design, aluminum case, large screen, speaker-phone, MP3 ringtones, standard USB connectivity
Great reception and excellent battery life
Stylish, small, large LCD.
Good reception, strong signal, large sized keypad, good call reception, speaker option excellent.
Top notch quality, Excellent reception, Camera, Aluminum frame, Well thoughtout design
Light in hand, loud in ear, easy to use functions
the best camera for the price.  Flip phone, sleek, sturdy, highly customizable, bluetooth, world GSM.
Thin
a trendioid's wetdream, hotness on a stick, light
Looks, Weight, Durability.
Gorgeous design, magenta color and excellent reception. Easy bluetooth pairing with a Mac.
Awesome design, light weight and thin, feature packed, friendly interface
Sleek design, attractive color and graphics, lightweight. fairly user friendly, Bluetooth
Solid, sounds good, good reception, reasonable feature set, Bluetooth
It's sleek, thin and stylish, but there's where it stops.
Cool Factor goes to "11"
Thin, Lightweight, and Looks Sleek.
Looks good, thin
size, appearance, and features.  A winner.
cool, sleek design.
Thin, light weight, good reception, clear sound, great speakerphone
Pure awesome, and that's coming from a man who hates cells.
See Below
big screen, new shape, metal, bluetooth
Easy to use, sturdy, bluetooth rocks!
Slim profile, small size, well constructed, bright screen and good audio quality.
Size, weight, large display, stylish
Features, Size, Styling, Reception
Slim, good reception, Decent Camera, cool looking
Lots of smart features though does not meet the definition of a smart phone.
Amazing design, Bright Clear Screen, Great Camera, Great Phonebook
Slim, HUGE Screen,self timers portrait, thin buttons, neon looking button, extremely stylish,
Great Sound, Signal-Strength, Outstanding Displays. A.O.K Verizon
Slim, light, cool looking, calls people
Sleek, lightweight, great big screen.
Slim, user friendly, good battery life for size, clear sound, and unique mod style.
Nice screen, camera, all those other functions.
It fits in small purses nicely...
COMPACT AND THIN! BEAUTIFUL PHONE! HAD TO HAVE IT! GREAT SPEAKER!
It's lightweight..that's all!
Big Phonebook Capacity, Stylish and Sleek, Lightweight, Bright Screen, Bluetooth and Speakerphone
Attractive phone, unique design, very portable, large display, crisp call quality.
The LCD display and key pad functionality are excellent.
Sleek, sturdy design. Good sound and speaker.  Relatively simple to use.
Super sexy design. Beautiful screen. Bluetooth.
Size
call quality; reception; speakerphone; screen; aestestic; battery life; durability; build; keypad; overall user experience
Pretty. Fashionable. Thin. Light. Bluetooth.
Design, Factor, Look & Feel, Phone Functions, Bluetooth
Sexy look, good battery life, customizable interface, well working speakerphone.
Pretty, Great reception, Quad-band GSM.
Good looks, slim design, great battery life, large display
Quality, Usefulness, and Looks wrapped up in one phone.
classy design, bluetooth, speaker, loud sounds
light weight, pocket size, easy to use
Pink!, Great reception, Web enabled, Good battery life, Easy, Good camera, Good memory, Bluetooth
Sexy, easy to carry in pockets, aluminum casing
Slim, Battery (2 Days), Much better than the usual Motorolla's
Looks spiffy, clean lines, small, lightweight.
very nice exterior design
Screen, camera, easy to follow menus, lot more features than I will probably ever use.
Nice looking ornament - look else for service that isn't CINGULAR.
never drops calls, great reception
None - given all the great alternatives
sleek, small, durable
Sound, feel, weight, screen
Slim. Beautiful.
Slim design
pocket sized, reliable, big screen
Fits in your pocket, easy to use.
great keypad, flip, voice dialing, style.
Looks cool
Small size, lightweight
Screen is bright. Better camera
Looks good
Looks good, very convenient.
looks
Great RF (better than my other phones), feature rich, solid design/build, flashy, lightweight
Great deal on a very sharp phone!
Using mobile phone tools, take any song and make it your ring tone.
Looks, easy to use, durability
Slim, light phone, good reception, great graphics and functions.
Has bluetooth capability.
Those with low self esteem might feel popular from attention this phone gets.
FLAWLESS
Thin, great sounding, extra features like video, camera, etc.
Design
Size, features.  Has the items I want in a phone
Best phone since Startac
The sound on the phone is great.  I love the speakerphone.
voice quality, can use it on my vacations oversea's, great design and look, very light.
Cute design
Slick looking, great menu interface, good features, great reception everywhere
Great phone with superior battery life
Put it in your pocket and you won't even notice it's there.
It looks good and comes in a variety of colors
Bluetooth compatible, able to get ringtones easily, and small but tough.
Cool ring tones, easy to use
Loud Speakerphone, MP3 Ringtones, Good Battery Life
Long battery life, bluetooth headset, lots of features.
overall great looks and usability
Looks cool, super compact, makes you feel like Bond, Bluetooth and MP3 ringtones
Beautiful look, easy navigation, slim
Small, nice camera, video (T-mobile) has real LCD screen. Lots of storage, clear speaker phone.
Neat design
Small and sleek. Takes video and photos. And holds a lot of files.
Very high quality, Good features and gadgets, excellent signal reception
sleek, great options, buttons, and big display.
Great design
Compact
Slim, Light, Great Signal, Easy to Use
Looks cool.
Its the best phone available on th market.
Slim Design, Camera, Bluetooth, Internal Antenna, High Res Display.
Nice looking.
camera, phone features, style
Slim and looks cool
look, size, reception
Sleek durable
Looks, Ringtones, "pocket sized"
Everything
cutting edge design (no pun)
Light, compact, and easy to use
thin enough to put in pock, trendy, long battery life, stores a lot of numbers
Sleek, thin, USB connectivity, nice screen, good speakerphone
sleek
Small in size
Sleek, stylish, clarity is great, nice ringtones, great speaker...
good design and easy navigation
Thin, sexy, bright display, all the bells and whistles
Sleek, slim design and blueooth
Beautiful looks.  Sturdy.  Good battery life.  Gadgets and gizmos.  Loud speakerphone.
Feel, look, battery life, has all available Sprint options, durable, friendly interface, excellent phone
Looks, durability, weight, reception, speaker phone, volume, Java API support, blue back-lit buttons.
Sturdy and reliable. Scratch and Dent Resistant.
Great all around product...meets the needs of most people...for pleasure or business...
Great looking phone, changeable face plates.
Speakerphone, very easy to use.
nice selection of ringtones, speakerphone!, hold feature
Good initial battery, plenty of basic features, lots of ring tones, good call quality
very durable.  good speaker phone.  easy to use.
Clear speakerphone, ease of use, size, chic looks, simplistic factor, ownership cost
small, nice blue backlight, various features
nice size, nice color screen, good reception
Solid; good sound quality; fairly easy to use; good battery life; flip design
small, sound quality, color screens
Standard headset jack.
Weight
Aol instant messenger, web access, speaker phone
Excellent display and sound, good range of features
communication capabilities, MP3 ringtones, extensive support from Sonyeric enthusiast community, value4money.
Smart, loaded with features, superb user interface, compact and light.
MP3 Player, Colors, Bluetooth, and it comes with 41mb better than most phones
Excellent audio, good looking, reasonable keyboard, very nice screen
Bluetooth, Infrared, JAVA , compatible with applications, affordable, play MP3s, MP4s, 3GPs, AMRs, camera
great battery life, hidden antenna, great camera, light, low price
Call clarity, great reception, solid feel, fast and responsive OS
Fun, completely customizable, works great!
Great speakerphone, reception, loud ringing   vibrating/lights simultaneously, nice organizer features, great phonebook, display
The lights, the battery life, the pictures.
Small, great volume, flexible options. Love the speaker phone
Clear and loud ringtones, bright colorful screen, long battery life
Reception, sound quality, tons of features, well-built, easy-to-use UI
Good battery life, loud ringtones and vibrating alert.
size
Excellent little mobile with an added extra, a built-in Camera!!
Great sound. Small and light weight. Good photos.
This is a fun phone until it breaks.
Compact, light, and easy to use...
small! sounds good! sturdy!
camera is easy to use
Easy to use, many features, compact, good sound and battery life
Buttons, Size, Look, Sound Quality
Good incoming voice clarity, lightweight, pretty good size color screen.
does all the phone functions adequately
Good Talk Time, Camera, compact, flip phone.
Cute, portable; one-key vibrate; camera, video features; survives repeated falls
Light, compact, stylish, easy to navigate and full of features
flip phone design, small size, color screens, built-in camera and flash, video capability
Flip phone, fits easily in a pocket, easy to use, durable.
-cute phone
Size, style, customization.
Durable, Easy to use
Easy to use
Easy to use, small, good quality
Small size, camera, worked fine before breaking
Descent price/battery life/camera.
Long lasting battery, speed dial, crisp screen
size, many ways to customize settings, voice dialing
Great reception and battery life, GET IT NOW, easy menu style
Looks nice.
Extremely durable, easy to use, plenty of memory and functions.
A nice phone that survived a complete wash cycle and hot dryer.
Loud ring
Simple phone to use.
Good Price, very clear and large color screen, extendable entena
crazily durable. NEVER breaks. pretty, cheesy graphics. think flowers and sunny skies.
OBEX capable Bluetooth, MP3 ring tones, Speaker phone, texting, Picture and E-mail made easy.
Nice idea
Full QWERTY keyboard, index finger typing, candy bar design flips open, Bluetooth.
QWERTY keyboard, neat design
overall appearance, keyboard, camera, mp3 ringtones
Qwerty keyboard.
Sleek, great form factor, has a keyboard
integrated camera; solid speakerphone; 65,000-color internal display; Bluetooth; works with PC and Mac.
Lots of functions
Cool design and durability
Great looking and excellent call quality
Easy to use, good camera, good speaker phone, not too expensive, solid battery
See Review
It makes calls, takes pics, has bluetooth
Style, quality, features, graphics, capabilities, clarity
Excellent size and feel. Sound quality and reception have been great.
Great style, solid built, easy to navigate.
-Camera and Video
Small, nice solid flip, lots of features.
Features, fairly compact, inernational.
Excellent reception, bluetooth works well for my purposes, the rubberized blue coating is very nice
Motorola reputation, solid phone, clear sound
Very good features, fun to use, durable, excelent signal, Bluetooth capable, nice screen and size.
Large screen, voice dialing, Bluetooth compatible, Camera and Video ability.
Looks good, solid, nice display, good pictures.
Color screen is excellent
Sturdy, speakerphone
Great feature set and decent reception
Aesthetics, Speakerphone, Battery Life
GSM Quad band, PC Sync, Bluetooth, EDGE, signal-voice quality.
Great signal quality, Great value, Good battery life, Good durability
looks good, good voice quality, good bluetooth, good camera, nice buttons
Everything, I love this phone!
Rich feature set, bluetooth, camera w/video, strong signal
Solid quality, good reception, fairly sized keypad, can receive calls in office, home. Good speaker.
Attractive, Bluetooth, Camera, Web-enabled, MP3 Ringtones
Camera and video functions
Motorola, easy to use, volume, mp3 ringtones, camera
Solid construction. A lot of features(most I never use)
Good user interface.
Excellent call quality, bluetooth, clamshell form factor, sexy face plate.
Reliable, easy to use, good datebook functions
Flip phone, bluetooth file transfer, mp3 capable
great phone overall
got it free from my dissatisfied sister in-law, now I see why she hated it.
most wanted features at an affordable price.
Feels good, solid, nice screen and easy to use
Size, cost, camera and video
clarity, still+video camera, over-all appearance of phone, speaker phone, voice-activated dialing
Nice camera and other various upgrades.
ergonomics, pretty
Bluetooth, Speaker phone, Big Address Book, Camera and Camcorder, FREE, seems to be solid phone.
Not a bad phone, with lots of good features
Nothing good to say at all
battery life, cheap, motorola, can drop from over 6 feet and wont break
Small, lightweight
none
Clarity is excellent and it holds up to heavy use.
easy to use,text messaging,camera phone
The bluetooth and connectivity  is excellent.
Pleasant blue color.
Features
size, camera, flip style, easy to read/navigate.
small
Flip phones are a good thing
size and weight
Weight, Volume, Bluetooth, Sync with Outlook, External Antenna Port
It's excellent all the way around......when it's working properly.
Can't think of any.
Bluetooth is good, nice UI
size & style
Bright screen, camera/video, OK reception
???
Great features, nice screen, good camera and video.
a very sleek looking phone
Bluetooth, speakerphone, EDGE, skins, mp3 tones.
Camera is not bad...takes adequate SHORT videos...sufficient talk time.
Still looking
It's blue.
voice clarity, ease of use
battery life, solid feel, lit keys, reasonable camera, speakerphone
Good reception. Looks pretty.
The features are cool I guess.
Flip/Camera phone; Caller-ID; Get It Now!; Cool Ring Tones; text friendly; charges quickly.
vibrant screen, picture quality is awesome, cheap phone
Many features, VGA camera with sliding lens cover, speakerphone, voice commands
Battery life, speakerphone, camera lens cover, and the ease to customize the phone
Value priced for Features
Great features, tri-mode capability, dependable.
Lightweight, good speaker phone, nice user interface, good battery
Very Durable, Long Life Battery, Great Signal, Camera, Color Screen, Speakerphone, Good Design
Text messaging buttons, good menu layout, good contact system
Feature variety, battery, durability, price.
Camera, Speakerphone, Voice commands, nice screen, Verizon has great service.
Cheap, easy to use if you stick to basics, color screen, battery life, audio
O.K. if free with service or under $10.00.  Good clarity on calls.
Great Camera, Speaker phone is clear, Lightweight, Lens Cover, Good Reception and Battery
Have dropped it a bunch of times with no repairs needed
features
size, cool factor, big screen, features
Great camera, good reception for calls, voice activated for when you are driving
CONS outweighs any pros this phone had.
Functional (Vibrate & high mode, etc.)
Cheap price, Pretty durable, Decent battery life
User friendly
It was cheap with the rebate
Selection of wallpapers, bright display, loud speaker
A decent basic phone, good capacity memory for contacts, decent basic camera.
compact, easy to use, good feature set
Triband, user-friendly
Nice features.
Very Durable, takes reasonably nice pictures, reasonable price. Doesn't drop calls.
Signal strength, ease of use, color display, camera, ring functions, style
Voice commands are very handy while driving.
Color screen is nice, menus easy to navigate.
Many features, good battery life, camera, speakerphone, Cheap
easy to plug in...
Durable, Great colors, fun features
Takes good pics, camera flip phone
reception/camera
Great reception, Long battery life, Photo & video capabilities, Rotating camera lense
great sound, easy to use, nice camera function for a phone
Good audio quality, battery life, keypad - Photo/Video/Internet, 2 screens, large memory, advanced configuration possible.
Easy to use. Camera and Video camera. Great talk time.
Long battery life, lots of features, real music ringtones, small
Amazing design, sleek interface, camera, planner, audio, video, 500 contact list, internet browser, swerve cam
Large Memory, Great Pictures, Beautiful Crisp Display, Multiple Functions, Great Service
The build, sturdy, tough, rotating camera, huge interior lcd
Good sound quality, Large display, openwave mobile web compatible, video/still camera
Amazing camera, very durable, easy to use.
Feature rich, easy to learn and operate, great call clarity, great battery life.
Picture and sound quality, storage space, durable, flash,
Easy to use/Battery life/camera and video.
good battery.  built like a tank.
Great display, good feature set, solid performance overall.
Nice Design, easy to use, add ringtones and games. External picture caller ID
Functionality, internet capable, design
great digital video, camera, loud speaker, and very good reception.
Video Capabilities, Reversible Camera Lens, Large Color Screens, Great Audio.
backlit QWERTY keyboard, still & video camera, mobile messaging, IR port and more
Battery life, Bluetooth, PC Suite, Features
Great features, good battery life.
Small, has qwerty keyboard, internet capabilites, durable.
Reliable, nice backlit keyboard, bluetooth support
keyboard, video, camera
easy to use, sensitive, full keyboard
The keyboard is really the only good thing.
Different connectivity options.  Compact.  Extremely practical.  AIM service.  Quadband.
Clear reception, Color screen, speaker phone
Good color screen, attractive blue color, nice keypad
Great battery life, nice look, durable, and nice looking color LCD.
Small; Nice bright screen; Reliable; Good reception
SMALL, LIGHT, LONG LIFE
Very durable, good stock ring tones. Long battery life
Great phone when it works. Durable Good Battery life
rugged, long battery life, easy to use, good audio, built in speaker phone
Has everything I need in a phone and  more
Good feel in my hands. I like the size too.
Nice color screen, cheap, good for basic use
Good quality phone at a very reasonable price
Large buttons; low price; loud ringer; good reception; large display; good menu system
Rugged, solid construction; simple to use, good basic PHONE features, nice screen.
Simple to use, feels solid, very durable.
Good phone with modern features but not a lot of the headaches.
- Easy menus
long talk time
Battery life, nice screen, good overall basics, relatively cheap.
Study, long battery life, good reception, good Nokia menus
reliable and rugged
Easy to use, great sound, free & a rebate
Sturdy, basic phone. Low price. Great quality.
Just a phone, more durable than most, good display size, good battery life
Rubber pads kept it from flying off my car when left on hood accidentally.
Colour screen,great battery life , awsome games , very good reception ,
Guess it's better than others
signal, battery, wallpaper, design
Good loud ring, Nice size and screen
Super durable. best reception I've seen with great voice clarity. A working mans phone.
Sturdy, holds a good signal, ringtones are loud.
Reception, clarity, easy to set up and use
Easy to Use, Good Battery, Good Reception
More features than I expected.
Nice feel in my hands and very durable.
Good size, great reception
Gets a signal where most phones can't.
Good Simple Basic Phone
Feminine qualities. Sleek design. Clear, colorful screen.
durable, compact, good battery life
-$100 cost!!!, lightweight, small, clear sounding, feature rich phone
Good voice-dialing
Great voice recognition, speakerphone, & functionality.
Voice dialing/command interface
voice command, speakerphone, customized home page
Great as a phone. Excellent sound, clarity, signal strength, volume. No dropouts.
Good connectivity and sound, good keypad.  A solid choice if you want a no-nonsense phone.
- Compact
Easy to use, Great Price, Good Sound Quality
Great Speaker phone. Great Voice dial Feature.  Easy to use.
-Camera phone
Voice dialing and recognition is exceptional
Durable and decent looking
Voice dialing, name dialing - no difficulty recognizing speech
Excellent Camera
Ive listed the pros in my review
light, cool-looking,  camera, internet access, speaker, calendar, alarm, text/pic messages, GPS
Was free when we signed up.
Not much.
Clock works good.
Good sound volumes and speakerphone works well. Real unhappy about the battery situation.
Tri-mode
Reliable, Good Phone
Solid, reliable, great sound quality, and cheap.
Tough, compact, styling, ease of use
Excellent coverage, solid phone, good AM-radio quality.
Durable, standard features, walkie-talkie, color
It's more capable than some cheaper phones, but the durability is the major selling point.
Motorola always produces solid well built products...but...
Nice phone, feels durable.
can direct connect easily, tough
Durability / Customer Service
bright color is easily found, easy to respond to direct connect, compact and rugged
Very strong design, ease of use, clear display.
Rugged case, PTT Capability
you can throw it againts a wall and it still works {kind of}
Rugged
light weight,colorful,durable,great service,no lost calls
Lightweight.  Stylish.  Direct Connect.  External Speaker.  Nextel.  Done.
PTT capability, rugged casing, rubber grips on side
Very good Phone
Excellent clarity, sharp photos, video w/sound, easy to use, durable
It does so much
A good overall phone.  Excellent reception, loud ringtones, beautiful inner display.
Intuitive button menus, t9Word text software, 2 big beautiful color screens, camera with flash
Raw features, fairly well-built interface
Color Screen/Speaker Phone/Sound Clarity/GPS
pretty good looks, internet enabled, speaker phone
Unbreakable!  Good reception and easy to use.
Color screen, ok service.
It's a flip phone big deal.
walkie talkie service
in a nutshell: glitz, glamour, sass
Durable build, tons of options, responsive menus, great reception
Bluetooth Connectivity, High Quality Speakerphone, Tri-Mode, Large Display, ObeyMoto Feature
comfortable to use, many well-developed features
The best reception I have ever had. So many features.
Amazing reception, great speakerphone, very nice voice dialing.
Great speakerphone, voice recognition, display, reception
Reception is GREAT!
Sturdy, good reception, decent size.
Huge screen, great sound, easy to use, solid
Clear, bright display, easy to use.
Bluetooth, speakerphone
Highly versatile and powerful.
Hey!  The calculator works!
MP3 assignable ring tones, TransFlash memory
Big, bright screen.  High speed. Great speakers.  Camera, video camera and light. Battery life.
Big enough you could break your car window with it if you were trapped?
Beefy build, Loud enough to be heard, Decent display, Decent keypad layout.
ergonomics, keypad feel, good reception, display is very good
Large clear LCD, loud speakerphone, bluetooth, good reception
Reception, bluetooth, speakerphone, ObeyMeMoto voice recognition.
Bluetooth, 1.2 megapixel camera, large clear display, MP3 player, Transflash data card
Nice screen
Cute, Professional, and it has LOTS of features!
EXCELLENT RECEPTION!  LOTS OF FEATURES!  EASY TO USE!  A++++
-Bluetooth headset included
Great phone, full of features. Fantastic screen.
Sound Quality<p>Ease of Use<p> Camera Quality
Amazing signal strength, Nice LCD and easy BT pairing.
Great look, good features, awesome memory transferring, cool voice dial feature
Bluetooth
Good sensitivity.  Good sound quality.  Good battery life
Great reception and good battery life
Amazing piece of technology developed by Motorola
Metal housing, triband
Compact, works in flip mode.
Wide screen, durable construction
Pull up antenna, voice dial, screen easy to read, dust covers for headphone/memory card slots.
Sound,Memory card, Bluetooth
Improved reception, Compact design, Lightweight, 65K color display.
Small size, Battery life, Color screen
Backlighting, clear reception, fewer dropped calls, excellent display
Small size, bright color screen, and long battery life
Good functions, easy to use, fun wall papers.
Color screen, looks cool, menu system, small.
I suppose it is "cute" for a phone.
Small Size, Color screen, loud ring tones, easy to use
great sound quality, excellent features, stylish looks, small and compact, durable
Lightweight, color screen, great sound quality, and fun!
Color quality is good, easy navigations through menus.
Good reception, sharp picture, very small.
Easy to use, great navigation system, great color screen, outside display, stylish & sleek
Size, display, easy controls
Overall design, colorful display and lights, backlit external LCD screen is a must.
small, durable, dual band, built in calendar features and AOL IM,
small, compact, lightweight, beautiful screen
Neat color screen, ring tones and wallpaper. Plus the service is great.
Great sound quality, battery life
Cool looking, even when it doesn't work
sleek, durable battery, pretty
Color screen. Flip phone.
Durable, lightweight, easy to use
Infra-red, Color screen, Polyphonic ringtones,GPRS
Clear screen, great outer screen, easy to use, easy to press buttons, great reception!
compact, long battery life, clear screen
The screen is big and bee-yoo-tee-ful!  Picture quality is surprisingly awesome for a cell phone.
Slides smoothly.
Reception, Contact List, Tri-Mode
Reception, reception (two antennas), data capabilities, Nokia support
Listed in review
- good reception. I seem to get a signal on this phone where many other Verizon users get none. This  ...
Awesome Reception, Extra Features, Phone illuminates, a Great Phone for Anyone!
Reception! Reception! Reception! Simple interface. Large antenna. Inexpensive.
Reception and durability make this Nokia 3589i the best that Nokia has made to date.
It Has a wonderful signal reception efficiency which makes it better
Fine reception with weak signals and surprising durability!
Reception, Battery life, color screen, downloadable features.... I can go on and on....
Good reception, large bright screen, good backlight, sturdy feel, modern look
Cute, small phone. Large, colorful screen. Good speakerphone. Easily fits into small purse or pocket.
it's tiny. seemingly indestructible. decent signal. VGA camera in a phone.
Feature-rich, web-enabled, sleek look, speaker-phone
small, sleek looking, eye catching, simple
speakerphone, lightweight, very small, loud ringtones
Small,like a rock,design,through t-mobile!
Small, light weight, you can load ring-tones, pics, surf the web.
cheapest phone to buy with a camera and plays cool ring tones
You can mix your own ringtones. Good coverage, and rock solid.
Camera, video, button opens up flip, spotlight, picture ID, HUGE color screens, seems scratch-proof.
Stylish, light, feature packed, huge screen
Camera, External Display, Large Internal Display, Speakerphone, Records Video, Flip Button
GPS navigation is great(extra fee);Small size
All the usual calling features and looks. Takes a beating. Average battery life.
One of their better phones, smaller with camera feature.
Camera,Spotlight,Picture Caller I.D,  Huge_internal_screen,just about everything_on_this_phone_is custimizilebe,button_opens_flip,Great_speaker_phone.
Ease of use, GUI, look, feel, weight, versatility, cost, Nokia reputation and quality
Clear, well-lit display; functionality; size; ring volume; long battery life.
Quality, Cost, Durability, Size, and Weight
Reception, clarity, small size, speakerphone, Nokia menu system
weighs 3.5 ounces, lightweight, easy to use keys, equipped with AOL instant messaging
Good speakerphone & reception, good battery lifetime
Great for basic features, good text messaging
Small
Simple, small, great reception.
* Size
Color, AIM, Good Reception
Menus are very well designed, speakerphone, great color screen, small, durable.
Great battery life, good reception, excelent speakerphone, IT S A NOKIA!!!!
Some nice feature
picture phone, fast charging, camera easy to use, lasted 2 years
Speakerphone, ease of use, small size, camera, durable
Dependable, Affordable, Great Battery
It comes in a variety of colors
fairly durable, relative to the disposable-america products out there nowadays...
Has Camera, Text Messaging, Digital & Analog Band capable, Voice Memo Recording.
voice quality, easy to take pictures, small size, good speakerphone
Speaker phone
Ease of use - speaker phone clarity and a very helpful Sprint customer service.
ease of use, battery life, good brand, good price!
Charge time is fast, speaker phone
Cuteness factor-cute multicolored bouncing lights on the front, tip calculator, loud enough
Call Quality, Earpiece and Handfree volume, Picture Camera, Robust Contacts Application, Built-in Camera
Good Sound Quality and Rare dropped Calls,Fairly Simple to Program
compact, snub antenna, good sound, color display, built-in camera, nice looking phone
more than adequate cameraphone, good service
Features, Vibrant Color Display, Get It Now, LG Reputation
Small, calendar, exterior screen, one-touch silence, quick/simple volume control, lockable
Compact flip-phone with nice color screen and good digital call quality.
Great Features, Advanced Phone Book, Camera, Battery Life, Look, Color Display, Endless Functions
Great reception, camera is easy to use, very reliable
loud, clear reception, flashy looks, cool camera and awesome features.
Internet access, rather useful camera, good styling, well designed flip feature,and attractive.
cool colors and lights, easy ignore, great volume for rings and earpiece
Battery life, durability, good photo quality for the year it was made, T9 text messaging
Easy to use, solid build.
Design, Features, Call Quality, Signal Strength, Camera, Ringer Volume, Web
Compact, good clarity, easy to use.
Small, great reception, good screen, good battery
cute design and good sound quality, long battery life
LOUD ring, easy navigation, overall fairly user friendly, cute looking
Nice design, loud ringer, good volume control
Small, durable, great reception, clear graphics.
Small phone, good battery life.
Color Screen, Camera, Call Quality
Display is great.  Size good.  Stationary antenna.  Nice side buttons.  Menus easy navigation.
easy to text or send pics to email or phone
Features, voice clarity, reception, camera, durability
Great Design
Easy to use. Great, intuitive menus.  Rugged, hardy design.
Overall Nice phone
Great color display, integrated camera, call quality
pics and im
Nice size for the features available.
Umm... the little colored lights flashing on the front LCD?
They've stopped making them.
Durability, signal, sound quality, camera, size, email pics to yourself.
Some what attractive design.
Small, Light Weight, Takes Pictures
tip calculator
Ultra lightweight and compact, easy to use and awesome clarity.
Polyphonic ringtones
Styling, user interface, battery life, infra-red communication, integrated speaker.
Extremely small and light, Bright color screen, full-featured, great sound quality and battery life
Great display, great signal, nice design, GPRS, infrared port, Java
battery life, size/weight
really small and sexy
One piece design,contoured shape,performance,menus are intuitive,rugged.
Size and weight, features, screen quality
Small, bright screen, looks cool and professional, lots of memory to sync with MS Outlook
Small, cute, reliable
colour screen, poly and mono tones, java application or games, IrDa, MMS...
Cheep, good quality, good battery life
lots of cool features,color screen, and i smoke weed out of it
Slim, Simple, Good Features, Good Battery Life, Good Quality.
durable, lightweight, and easy to use
Color screen, cool key pad design, built-in wallpaper with customization available
Light, Durable, Long-lasting Battery
Great features for the money.
Very sturdy, colorful and nice ringtones, modestly priced and good battery life
Small Size, Great Battery Life, Good Sound Quality
excellent sound quality and battery life, lots of useful features, fun games
Attractive design, satisfying features, the backlight!
Great color screens and feature packed
small and lightweight. Sturdy and dependable.
Color Screen, Games, WAP Browser, Polyphonic Ring Tones, Price.
Inexpensive, easy to use, color screen, changeable faceplate
Color Screen, Small/Sleek Size, Customization, Colorful Faceplates, Lots of Features, Cheap! $$
Excellent battery life.
Nice phone, stereophonic rings, color screen
Color screen, excellent battery life, endless features
Polyphonic Ring Tones, Color Screen, E-Mail Capabilities
Convenience.
Cheap!, Color Screen, Battery Life, polyphonic ring tones
color screen, size, clarity, good signal
Color display, polyphonic ringtones
Compact
Color screen, easy to handle, like its shape
Easy to use, good service, cool features
excellent reception, sturdy, and light weight
reception,voice dialing,easy to use without book
battery life and call quality.
Good features when it worked
Price, voice dialing, reception
Excellent reception. Easy to use. Intuitive. Good voice quality - built in equalizer. Not ugly.
WAP, Pictures, Games, Downloadable Content
Have not really found any I could say
Price, camera w/flash, reasonably intuitive controls, speaker phone, many other features
Not a bad camera for the money, some features are nice.  Cute little phone.
Price, functionality, camera.
cheap
small enough to fit the COIN POCKET of most bluejeans.
Cheap, Simple, Easy to Use, Has a Camera if You Need One
Style and ease of use, when it works.
-Small
Good camera, speaker phone and voice recognition software are a plus.
Speakerphone
Better camera location than the 8900, Takes good pictures at 640x480
Alarm, stop watch, ect.
Good reception almost anywhere
Good camera
The camera is okay
You have a choice of how the time is displayed on front of the phone.
Cheap. Good Layout.
The Camera pictures are better than other camera phones.
Great entry flip phone and Virgin's Mobility Plan
Speaker-phone, easy to use
Size is nice, easy to use all and all a good phone.
I love the phone book and many features on the phone
Nice compact Cellular Phone!
new technology you can use it in 120 countries global, very small, voice options.
Great for the global business man
Constant Signal No Matter Where I Am
Sexy Phone, Works Everywhere in the world, SMALL!
great UI, tiny size, nice design, internal antenna, infrared, vibrating alert, 2-way SMS/email
Easy to use menus and navigation,  gorgeous backlighting !!
Tiny size, battery lasts and lasts, simple menus
Stylish, with many features.
Small, lightweight, cool, voice dial ability, predictive text input
small, stylish, dualband GSM for world-wide use
Tiny size, world wide coverage, SMS and picture messaging. Great menu system
Small size, extremely sleek and cool, hi tech
Small Size, GSM World Phone, Sleek Design
Very stylish, well-made, very small and light, and global (900/1900)
Nice look, great technology, and awesome features
very small, very light, very cool, very convenient
really compact, very stylish, voice dialing, beautiful backlight, global support
Voice dialing, Predictive text input, Small size, Ease of use.
Sleek and Small
Small, sleek and simply cool
Supported in over 123 Countries, Long Battery Life, Great Reception
Need i say more
The best looking phone out there.
Superior Performance, Incredibly Small, Classy Styling, Feature Packed
Honestly the best phone I have owned. Voice dialing!
white backlit, activated slide, voice tag
Smart, easy to use, the ultimate 'lifestyle' phone
Looks SLEEK against my Cheek
Infrared features, nice design, nice ergonomics, nice class
The best looking phone I've seen
global access
Battery life, sleek design, cool blue lights, extremely easy to use, nice size, nice charger
Elegant design, world phone, solid body feel.
Looks way too good...
Slick, small, easy to carry, operates oversea
Everything!!! It has class, style, function, durability, portability!!
Size, Looks, IR Modem, Global Roaming, Battery Life, Voice dialing, User Interface
Worldwide GSM,&#13;&#10;Ultracompact size, &#13;&#10;Attractive brushed-aluminum casing, Infrared modem &#13;&#10;
Small size, call quality, signal strength, aesthetic quality
size, weight
Light weight&#13;&#10;Sexy&#13;&#10;rare&#13;&#10;glows nicely
Features, Design, Look, Size, Durable, Antenna, Cost for features.
Stylish, Small, Comfortable, Professional.
World wide access, great features, small size.
Lightweight, can use in 120 countries, voice activated.
size, looks, classic interface
Small, stylish, sleek, easy too use and well worth the money.
Lots of range
TOUGH, beautiful, classy, works great at home (Hawaii) and when I'm in Europe, love it!
design, weight, reception
I loved all 3 I had in the first year
Lightweight, can use in 120 countries, voice activated.
can be used in over 120 countries, light, voice dialing, cool looks
Light, changeable faceplates
small and compacetstyling
Compact
Looks great
Cool colour, illumination light, size, weight
A very solid phone with great looks&#13;&#10;Easy to use
Everything
Light Weight, Stylish, Alluminum paint finish
Sleek style, intuitive functionality
SMALL SIZE,COOL BACKLIGHT,NICE ONE HANDED SLIDE,ATTENTION GETTER
Very stylish, light weight, durable, external antenna for better signal.
Metal Build, High Fashion Design, Great Reception, Great Audio, Simple Design
This Nokia retains the user-friendly set-up plus the convenience of a worldwide phone.
small, elegant, long battery life
Easy to use; Compact & Lightweight; No antenna; Color Screen with animation!
Much like my old Nokia 3360 that I was happy with. Great new features too!
Small, compact and lightweight!
Color, Color, Color.  Battery Life and Great Reception.
FREE!, fantastic reception, great battery, color screen, polyphonic ringtones, Java games
Sleek, packed with features, light on fluff
Lightweight, great quality, no antenna, color screen, great battery, cheap price
Color screen, great price (free), fairly stylish, polyphonic ring tones
Fairly reliable; excellent battery life; easy to use
Good reception/durability, color screen, excellent battery life
battery life, games, price (free), inter-face
Like all nokias, colored, buttons (I liked them)
Train whistle message tone, color animation, ease of use
Sleek, Stylish, Compact, Lightweight
Loaded with features, nice and durable phone for low price.
Color Screen, Interesting Keypad, Ringer Selection and Sound
Great color screen, great battery life
color screen, battery life, organizer
Good battery life, nice screen, keypad is easy to use.
Display, functionality, reception...the list goes on...
Rugged Body
Durable,good display,good reception,no antenna,good sound,
Color graphics, sound, battery life
Battery life, sound quality, display
battery life,  service,  durable(dropped it many times), excellent features, easy to use.
Free with T-mobile
Games,design,NO ANTENNA!,color screen
Color screen, long charge on battery, under-the-cover antenna.
Durability and call quality
It's immune to water?, looks cool, easy to use,
Color display, games, web-browser, everything else.
Nice fit in hand and a nice bright screen.
Basic styling is nice-looking and great feeling, and it's got a color screen!
variety of ring tones, wallpapers, and visual-audial effects; backlighting; storage space; full features
Small, Light, Color Screen, Good Batter Life
lightweight, easy to carry, good features,user-friendly
Small size, vibrant screen, long battery life, one solid piece, good clear calls
Standard interface, sharp color screen, nice features, clarity and good range
sturdy
compact; lightweight; ease of use; modern features
Many options, good reception, lightweight.
Good reception usually, very easy to use, works most of the time.
Good design; cool extra features like speakerphone, USB connectivity, & AIM
Looks nice, crisp display and very clear sound quality, great battery life
Speakerphone, blue keys, stock ringtones, and screen colors.
If you are getting this phone for free, it will meet your expectations.
Compact, USB port, MP3 Ringtones, Full Web Surfing, Speaker Phone.
Looks cool, ease of use, awesome front panel view, flip, comfortable, speakerphone
Small, nice key arrangement, tri-band
Size and weight, clarity, decent battery, a ton of features
light weight, long battery life, small, very cheap
Does everything a phone is supposed to do, excellently.
one touch dialing, auto-on, speakerphone functionality
Loud earpiece, mp3 rings, games, speakerphone, battery life
Speaker phone, outside display, coloured display on inside
Reception acceptable. Good for international. Battery good.
Makes a decent paperweight during a light breeze
Good interface, is cute and has lots of features.
Nice look, low price
many features, though superfluous
I wanted a basic clamshell design and liked the feel and ease of use.
Nice and compact
Small, sleek design
NOTHING!!!!!
Looks good
Looks cool, nice menu system, great color screen.
COLOR SCREEN/ OUTER SCREEN/ SPEAKER PHONE
can add photos, music and much more!!
Light weight.
Easy to use. Quick assesable menu, and hotkeys.
Long, Long and I really mean long battery life, small, good reception.
Speaker Phone, Has a nice feel
Small, easy to use
Size, ease of use, ability to link to PC for backup and faxing.
You can hear well, easy to operate, loud ring tones, good reception
It has speakerphone, text messaging, and a color display
Small, cool looking but nothing else about this phone is good
Looks cool
I got it free with a rebate from Cingular.
small, caller ID/ clock on outside, durable
small, light and loaded
Sleek design, color-changing covers, light and compact, impressive features, long battery life
stylish, strong marketing
tiny size, customizable, mimics a PDA, still very &quot;hip&quot;
Size, battery life, features.
Small, Did I Say Small? Like A Little 6190
a reliable and sturdy phone with many advanced features
Small size, customization with faceplates.
Small size, great design, interchangeable faceplates
Lightweight, Pop off faces, Infra-red
Small enough to carry in my pocket
Very small and light weight
Goes anywhere. Nice battery life, and packed with powerful features.
Easy to use and hold, great new web features, long lasting battery, great sound quality
Small, voice activation features, active infra-red port
SO stylish, AWESOME features!!
Tiny size, battery lasts and lasts, simple menus
great looking, good reception, tons of options to choose from.
Really small, easy to use, good clarity when there is reception
Small, Stylish, Brand name well known, many functions&#13;&#10;
small size and portability
Small, lightweight, internal antenna, voice dialing
great UI, tiny size, nice design, internal antenna, infrared, vibrating alert, 2-way SMS/email
Small, affordable, small, voice dialing, SMALL!
Size, Customizable, Clear LCD Screen
Looks sleek
Overflowing with features.  Small and compact, almost forget you have it.
Light, Feature Packed, Customizable, Easily fits in pocket
high powered, compact, style
The size, the features, the style
perfectly portable
stylish, customize it, fits-anywhere size
Small, lightweight, T9 text input
Great selection of features, user friendly, stylish.
Clear and user friendly
Tiny, tons of features, you can customize it, user friendly.
Virtually every feature.
tiny, can use 6190 home and car chargers, comes w/ headset
Lightweight, Voice activated, Small, Long Battery life
Sound Quality, Reception and features.
Very small, portable
Size,appearance,IR port
size, changeable covers, features, battery life, custom rings, infrared
Portability, extra options, styling.
Small size, smart interface, IR port, changeable faceplate covers screen
small, loaded with newest features, good talk/standby time
Great Reception
Size, Talk-Time, Features, Durable, Stylish, Easy to modify, etc.
rugged, small, looks cool, changeable faceplates
Very light and good reception
Extremely compact, feature packed, intuitive design, tough as nails&#9;
Stylish, Small, Long lasting Battery, Interchangable Covers, Good Voice Quality, No annoying Pull Up Antenna
Numerous &quot;kool&quot; features! Packed with goodies! Light weight and inexpensive!
Small, long battery life, changable faceplates, GSM features
Soooo Sexy! Really long battery life, perfect size, games, interchangeable covers, so many features
compact size, durable
small size, very cool-looking, excellent menu system and user interface, awesome battery life, voice-activated dialing
Small, lightweight, easy to use
Small, light, trendy, many buttons, text prediction, many faceplates, infared
small, VERY easy to navigate through!  LOVE predictive text!
ITS A NOKIA
very light, color change covers, nice battery life, games and other features
Small size, UI, Features, battery life
Great size, functionality, and easy to use menu system.
Small, elegant, changeable look, dirt cheap, and excellent reception
Strikingly beautiful
Small size, good features, customizable look
small, cool and perfect companion for wireless folks
size, weight, build quality, sound quality
LESS EXPENSIVE, HE LEARNS RESPONSIBILITY, CHANGE COLORS WITH FACE PLATES, CHANGE ACCOUNT TYPE TO MONTHLY PAYMENTS LATER
Small, voice activation features, active infra-red port
Small size, vibrating feature, internal antenna
small, light, data capable, IR port, T9 text input, changable faceplate
Size, style, headset
Small size, calendar, long battery life, and most important, the look on your friends' faces.
Size, Infrared Port, T9 predictive text
Everything, clarity...etc...
Small size, light weight, decreased radiation emissions
It's a Nokia
Long Battery Life, Great Color Covers
tiny, lots of features, great clarity
Small, light weight phone
Small, Stylish, Portable, Functional, Easy to use...
Small size, easy to use, stylish
Tiny, reliable, intuitive.
a very handy piece
Small Size
small, easy to use, cheap
IR Port, &quot;Wearability&quot;
Signal,Features, everything!
Small, many functions
weight, compact, easy to use, features, reception
Small, light, many features, easy to use, long battery life
Sleek, tiny, and can change to your taste
Excellent features, compact, very user-friendly
unique, easy to carry
Small, lightweight, battery life
Small, extremely portable, stylish, lots of features
Small Size
Size, Talk-Time, Features, Durable, Stylish, Easy to modify, etc.
good
Small and lightweight. All the features you really need in a cell phone.
small, pretty, loads of features and accessories
small size, cool look, headset
light weight, voice dialing, vibrate, active IR port, easy to use, & more!
Small, extremely light, good voice quality, good reception
Small, Light, Easy to use, Excellent Reception
Charges Quickly, Small, and Easy to Use
very light weight
Compact Size, no external antenna, blt-in vibration
small size, no annoying antenna, includes vibrating battery
light, small, voice recognition, good battery life
Small size easy for men to carry in their pocket.
Size, Features, Causes stares =)
Small, sleek and effective.  Great battery life.
This phone can do more tricks than a magic act!
cute, small, can change the looks, more ring options
Great Size
tiny size, excellent national coverage, very cheap, great sms features
Size, Talk-Time, Features, Durable, Stylish, Easy to modify, etc.
Cheap among 8000 series
This phone is so technologically advanced, that everything on it is a Pro!
Small and light
it fits anywhere
tiny, changeable covers, animated menus, voice dialing, infared
Light, small, user-friendly.
Real fun toy, and cute too
Packed with great info and software
Light, Sexy
Small, packed with features, high &quot;sex appeal&quot;
Tiny size, very light, great screen, Nokia, good reception...
clear, the range, the cost, the size
Small, Loaded with features, easy to use, fun to play with
Lightweight, small, over 5 days of battery life.
Great Size, Very convenient, Extremely user friendly,
Nice!
Smallest size, great functionality, great reception, SMS & predictive text a breeze, good battery life.
The Size, Lots of Features,Lots of Ring Tones
very good phone
Lightweight, small, long talk time and standby time
Small package delivers great performance
TINY, good battery, decent price, excellent menus, QUALITY construction, faceplates
Lightweight, great 007 impersonations
size, features, quality
special tones
the cooliest
looks great, small
Reliable, compact, stylish, multiple really useful features...
Stylish, Small, changeable cases
Memorystick Duo slot, digital camera, big screen, PC synch, MP3 player, jog dial button, Bluetooth.
Design, Symbian OS 7.0, Camera, Quality, Keypad, Memory Stick Duo, Everything Else...
Form factor, PDA features, Internet access
PDA, Color, Bluetooth, GPRS, Camera
Advanced device with camera and Tri-band phone.
neat charger, battery life, memory sticks, games, internet, keypad, camera, all other features...
Excellent PDA and phone functions, nice design, very reliable.
Tons of functionality/features for it's average size.
Relatively small form factor for the class.  Very comprehensive features.
PDA with World Phone, terrific connectivity (IR,Bluetooth,GPRS,WAP)
digital camera, big screen, colorful
Phone, PDA, Camera, Internet Access - all in one device.
High tech, small, great warranty
Wide range of features included
Cheap
Long talk time; Nice display; Good sound and commands
Sleek, improved from 4400, better battery life, good screen, belt clip improved
Size, clarity of voices from speakerphone, crisp color screen.
Voice activation technology is great; speaker quality is superb.
Voice activation, nice screen, looks good, good reception
It looks nice.
Great speakerphone, two LCD's, downloadable apps, plenty of ringtones.
Fantastic voice recognition, voice commands, reception, clarity, size.
Great call quality and reception. I love Driving Mode !!
Solid construction, large well spaced buttons, great speakerphone, landline quality sound, loud ringer
High quality speakerphone, voice recognition command technology, Get-It-Now enabled
Great phone
All features i need for everyday communication
Lightweight, slim, good feature set, good screen clarity
Nice displays, well thought out
speakerphone, loud ringer, multiple phone numbers for each contact
Great basic phone - Verizon service and signal
Cute - neat speaker phone.
Attractive phone with loads of features.
Speaker phone, voice quality, Intuitive operation
simple to use, clear screen
excellent speaker phone, durability, easy to use
LOUD ringer, speakerphone, cute icons for callers
Quality construction, good shape and feel. Decent address book. Good speakerphone.
speakerphone, caller ID, small in size, each caller has own ringtone
None!
STYLE, COLOR, WEIGHT, AND SERVICE
Speakerphone, good price, light weight
Big Keys, Crisp Screen, Easy to Use, EVERYTHING !
loud speakerphone, customizable features, user friendly, looks good.
Great speakerphone, wonderful voice recognition.
Nice color screen with simple easy to use menu.
It makes calls.
4,096 colors Display,
reception, battery life, speaker phone
Durability, Clarity, Battery Life
Reception, Battery Life,Speaker, User Friendly
The phone has worked super and is relatively easy to use!
RECEPTION!!!  Visibility, size
Battery, big screen, navagation wheel,
Strongest Signal of any Sprint phone!
Small size, well built, high-res display, FM radio
Small, light weight, cool blue screen, high resolution screen, well built, and business look.
light, tiny, well constructed, fast charging, high res screen
Small, light, full of features, great battery life.
Size, Nokia UserInterface, features
lots of features, compact size
Small, light, easy to use
compact, stylish, many features like wireless web, games, sms and more.
High resolution screen.
Extremely sleek, sturdy design; hi-res screen.
Nokia knows how to build solid cellular telephones
Small, Great Features
Size, Battery life, Radio, Easy to Use
Lots of talk time; Smallest phone I have found; GSM; solid construction
sweet and small
Great reception, compact, intuitive, all the Nokia features we know & love.
see above.
Rugged, good looks, good battery, excellent reception.
Good RF performance.
Super durable, quick battery charge, great screen colours & resolution, volume variability
Rubber lining/grip, speakerphone, outside display
Rugged, bold looks. Good text messaging.
Durable sides (rubber) and sleek design.
I cannot think of any.
battery life, works ok with most phone centric web sites, decent speaker phone.
Easy to use and navigate.  This phone is a great asset
Small size, easy to use, camera option, email capabilities, good battery
Quality polyphonic ringtones, decent camera, good reception.
Sleek, Small, Ease of use
Small, slick looking, great screen indoors
Almost unlimited features in a tiny, colorful camera phone!
Screen, BlueTooth,Size, Price
Battery, screen, camera, organizer
Design, built quality, all that features
Design, quality, color screen, size, conference calling, price, 'stickies' notes, SIM copy, USB connectability
Camera, phone book, games, 'internet'
Sleek, solid build, beaucoups functionality.
Fast and easy menu system, beautifully large screen, TONS of features
Crisp, bright screen / excellent sound / Bluetooth / superb functionality
Lots of features, camera, very small size.
Gorgeous screen, cool body design, very easy to use camera, IMAP/POP email client.
stylish, convenient to carry, large display, lots of features, sturdy build
Feature packed, jog dial is very handy, excellent big and color LCD display
Small size,65,536 screen,bluetooth,ect
Intuitive menus, sleek design, good balance of features
Picture function delivers, has alarm function loud enough to wake me in the morning
Sexy and well made. Long long long battery life. Sounds great.
Small size, good durable battery pack, voice controls.
cute, lots of goodies, can transfer photos to my bluetooth computer in a snap
Relative durability, aesthetics, size, connectivity, features, camera
Connectivity thru Bluetooth/Infrared; Elegant, sexy design; Battery life; Signal strenth and call volume; Pretty.
quality finish and solidly built, attractive large interface, Battery lasts loooong time
Camera, audio recorder, calendar, notes, customizable themes, good reception, clear audio
Durability.  Interface design.
graphics,camera quality.size. colour quality. Good ringtones and volume. Many features.
Earpiece volume, battery life, gee whizzy factor
Shell design, vibrant screen, Bluetooth, camera, Swiss-Army like features.
Very light weight, useful features, excellent quality.
Stunningly sleek looks, compact and sturdy, camera, good battery, great sound
Small,  easy to use,  nice features, easy and flexible connectivity to PC etc.
Superior features, Bluetooth, camera, call quality, design and small size with big screen.
Screen, Features, Quality
Jam-packed features; Inexpensive
Small size, voice dialing, great options, bluetooth, free at AT&Twireless.com
Sleek and chic, internal camera, good clarity of sound, bluetooth, classic Sony features.
Durability, Big Screen, Bluetooth, Infrared to many too list!
intuitive operating system, easy to use, good battery life.
size, bluetooth
Good looking, user-friendly menu, lots of features, good fast-charging battery.
Compact - nice camera - buttons accessible - looks good.
cool looking
Small, Nice Color Screen, Looks Cool.
Quality feel, user-interface, ease of use, camera quality
Design, build quality, battery life, sound quality
Small, good camera, BT, nice WAP browser, joystick control, excellent RF, nice screen, world phone
Small and light weight, good camera, sharp/color screen, tons of features, good joystick
Highly customizable, excellent feature set, compact size.
Small, color, battery power
-good looking
Generous features, High Resolution screen, Camera easy to use.
small, slick looking, good battery, easy to use
Small. Camera is easy to use.  Bluetooth included. Color screen.
Small size, features.
looks, size, camera, 65K screen, GSM America
Bluetooth, built-in infrared, built-in camera, compact, internet, long-lasting battery
Modern Design, All the features, does life get any better?
One of the few remaining high-end handsets that is still just a mobile phone.
Tri-Band, Small, Slim, Lightweight, Excellent Interface, Bluetooth, WAP, GPRS, Excellent Battery Life, Highly Expandable
Extensive features, options, and accessories
Menus are easy to navigate. It has bluetooth capabilities and it's from the late 90's!
All the features the average user needs, nice color screen, changable faceplates
Sleek Design, Acceptable Ring Tones
Nice basic cell phone, with excellent reception and battery life
Inexpensive handset that has good battery life and clear call quality.
durable, cute, nice no-frills phone
Durability, simplicity of use
Relatively user friendly, free with contract
Display, overall size. Cool blue keypad light.
good long distance reception, nice display, cheap
Key lock, great volume, good battery life
Excellent ergonomic design,reliable and efficient.
Compact, handy.
Sadly, the most useful thing about this phone is the Tools functionality (Timer, Stopwatch, etc).
Looks good
Color Display, Play games, Check your E-mail!
Great battery life, good speaker phone
Sleek, stylish candybar-style phone with great reception, lots TALK TIME and loads of features!
Amazing Battery Life and call quality
It has brilliant color,internet access,300 name phone book
Battery Life, Signal Strength, Spacing of Buttons, Sound Quality
Great battery life.  Call receptions much improved over my other phone.
Good battery life, nice display, loud and clear speakerphone
Flashy/trendy new features, large color screen, call screening
Many features, color, long battery life, enhanced phonebook/phone log, instant recording
Fantastic reception; very long battery life; feature packed; speakerphone; easy to use intuitive menu.
Color screen, good reception, good battery life
Color screen, excellent battery life, polyphonic rings, large screen
Ability to hold onto signal... :)
Cool features, great reception, long battery life
Awesome battery life, integrated speakerphone, color display
battery life, color display, clarity
weight, battery life, easy to use, can be used as MODEM, voice dial, speakerphone,
Excellent reception, Intuitive menu, speaker phone, excellent voice dial feature.
Color Screen, Price
Excellent color screen, battery life and reception quality.
LONG battery life, bright screen, sounds great, good range
Reception, Lite charger,
Color, long battery life, seems compact enough for me
Great battery life
great battery, looks neat and has a lot of cool features
Nice Color screen, backlit, navigation menu's, battery life, lots of features.
1) Amazing battery life..it runs and runs...
Reception, reception, reception!!!
Color screen
Color Screen, Battery Life, Holds on to a signal! Speakerphone!
Battery Life,Clarity,Price,Color Screen,Durability
Great Signal, good Features, easy to use.
Great signal, great features, ringtones, computer hookup
Battery life, Color screen, ease of use, Weight
Color screen, new games, ring tones, internet.
Battery life, ability to hold a signal, promotion price, color screen, speaker phone
Durable. Firmware upgrades easy. Quality reception and sound. Numerous accessories readily available from web vendors.
Great battery life & convenience of speakerphone
All around good phone, easy to use, nice display, good reception
Excellent battery life, color screen, and strong reception signals.
Features, crystal-clear reception, tv-like screen, clarity, it's like having a phone, Gameboy, PDA in one!
Great interface, great reception, lots of features, PC connectivity.
Battery life, speaker phone, durability, reception, voice calls
QWERTY keyboard, speakerphone, FM radio, distribution lists, voice dialing.
Many features, keyboard, color display, excellent quality sound, performance and design.
Full QWERTY keyboard and speakerphone.
Full QWERTY keyboard w/minimum size. Tons of customization options.
Innovative flip-out thumb-board, color screen, integrated FM radio, email client, high gadget factor
lighted keyboard, big screen, easy numeric keyboard.
The first phone to combine a kickin' set of features with user-oriented design.
Features, display, tuner option, form vs function, EVERYTHING
Full keyboard, exstensive battery life, tons of features
Durable, Speakerphone & Great Quality
Astounding design allows for flip to a full "qwerty" keyboard. This enables easy text messaging.
Fold out keyboard, good display
qwerty keyboard, color screen, voice note recording
Keypad, features, price,
Keyboard foldout, loud speaker and radio...and everything else a Nokia phone has always offer.
design, color screen, polyphonic, QWERTY pad, battery life, light, scroll/navigation button, speakerphone
QWERTY Keyboard, Nokia durability, long battery life, easy to operate.
Keyboard, backlight.
messaging, wow factor, sync with outlook, nokia interface
Excellent Clarity,
QWERTY keyboard
Great compact design, keyboard just the right size, lots of features!
Key board, free sync softwate, IR port, phone software, screen...
Ease of use, customizable, QWERTY keyboard, java capable
Great speakerphone, SMS keyboard, bright color display, great battery.
Great keyboard
Voice quality, FM radio, loudspeaker, text message keyboard
features, features, features, great support,software
great sound quality, GPRS seems exteremely fast, tons of features, the keyboard ROCKS!
Nice Keyboard, good display loads of features
Fold out keyboard for text msging, large display.
fairly easy to use, reliable, great features, fairly durable
KEYBOARDDDDDD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Keyboard, customizable menus, LOUD speaker phone, radio, voice dial, easy calender/planner
Color screen, great battery, convenient QWERTY keyboard.
qwerty keyboard and text messaging
QWERTY Keyboard, 4 IM Clients, Good Battery Life, FM Radio, my favorite phone...
Color, easy to use, keypad, programs, gallery
keyboard, keyboard, keyboard, voice commands, and a nice battery life compared to similar featured phones
it's colored and has polyphonic ring tones
Feature-rich, long battery life, strong reception, usable, durable
Lightweight, large phonebook, calendar, internal antenna
Voice Recognition, Vibrating ring, IR connectivity w/ PDA, Ring Profiles
Great reception, good size and weight, plenty of useful features
Incredible Battery life and excellent reception
Voice Dialing, ease of use, size and weight
Battery life, reception, good USEFUL features
Reception, excellent infrared synchronization, noise filtering, battery life, operating (menu) system.
Digital,large backlit display and buttons,loaded,accs available in superstores
solid construction, versatile, great reception and clarity, comprehensive manual
Durable!  Lots of great options like voice recorder and infared and call reminders.
added features, light weight
stylish, easy to use, light weight.
Great reception, battery life, features.
Great Nokia easy to use and learn software, bigger screen,lots of features
Small, slim, lightweight, feature rich, cool look
Outstanding battery life, classy appearance, user friendly, solid case
Lightweight stylish phone that uses same accessories as 6162 model
Strong audio quality and long battery life.
ring tones, many menu options, voice dial, loud ringing
3 minute voice recorder, voice functions, large screen, multiple profiles, good calculator.
Infrared support
Good phone overall, with easy-to-navigate menus
Calendar with PC connectivity!
Voice Dialing/Commands
Tiny, extremely lightweight, feature-packed
Voice recognition, hardware, &quot;PIM&quot; features
portability, ease of use, voice dial
Nice Feature, light
Slick, Lightweight, Elephants Are Attracted To It
size, good reception
Great features
Convenient size, VERY easy to use, wireless web
Lightweight, small size, solid build, ease of use.
Durable; withstands "wear and tear." Lets you go online!!
Durable construction means I won't be breaking this one
Small, light, solid construction
Small, Easy to use, Great Clarity
Size, voice dialing capability, accessories
Sprint Holster -good for carrying phone, Jabra earpiece w/ wire microphone  -good
Small, light, very well made, great styling
Battery life, light and slim, Bluetooth!
Bluetooth, GPRS, Tri-band, Email client, Great reception, Decent battery life.
GPRS, WAP, HSCSD, Bluetooth, IrDA, small/stylish design, large phonebook memory, FEATURES & MORE FEATURES
BlueTooth, Size, Battery Life, Design
tiny, lightweight, good looking, well built, well featured, an excellent phone.
Small, Stylish, Discrete.
Web capabilities, Good reviews, moderately priced, wireless headset (btooth)
Small size, light weight, bluetooth, WAP, POP3, GPRS, and on and on and on...
Definitely future-proof!
light good reception
Light, Well Equipped, Good-Looking, Reliable, Superior Battery, Good Signal
Small, sleek, very good battery life, ready for the future, world phone
small & lightweight but not fragile, interface simple and intuitive, sound & reception
Tri-band, Bluetooth, GPRS, Size, Battery Capacity, Vibrating signal
World phone capability, GPRS, Improved design, Bluetooth, Ultra-light, Ultra-thin.
The first ever COLORED Cell Phone!!!
WAP browser, size, weight, features, battery life
very good reception i.e. signal strength. Very good battery life
great features, small size
Straightforward! Attractive! Large "Display"! Durable!  Low price! A Bargain!
Small, lots of options, good battery life, very convenient
Good sound quality, long battery life, nice looks and extensive set of features
Superb reception, ease of use, extra long battery life.
features, portability
Small size, battery life, sound quality
Compact; loaded with features; great battery life
So compact and stylish appearance
Size and weight - no need for carrying clip etc. fits in front pocket.
size, aesthetic,ease of use and battery life
Dimensions, Features
Size, weight, features, customizability
Why  I wanted to buy another NOKIA, is It's one of the better cell phones
Size, Quality
Small, stylish, tons of features
small, light, new features, and very cool looking
Size, solid construction, looks, performance, features
Stylish and sexy.  Great list of features. Beautiful metal casing.
A great looking, feature filled phone.
Size, features, looks
Sharp, tiny, great ergonomics and packed with goodies...
so many features, works well for me
Tiny size, good clip, nice array of features, great battery life.
Small, Stylish, Good battery life, speed and voice dialing
attractive, external display, voice notes
Front LCD, side buttons, clarity
Easily navigable menus, Metal case, Stylish, Reception improving features
Sexy look.  Great Menus.  Indiglo light is the best!  Small size.
Excellent voice quality, construction, and function.
Futuristic look.  Attract attention.  Nice features.  The best out there.
Compact size, lots of features, sleek design
Size, weight, cool look, feels durable, great sound
clamshell design, great reception, good looks, easy to use menu system, low SAR score
Small, deceptively sturdy, intuitive menus, great reception
Sleek metal case, very compact, outstanding sound and reception
External caller ID, Voice Dialing, FM Stereo Radio, VoiceNote voice Recorder, Compactness
The looks of the phone are stunning. Nice and small .
Workhorse disguised as a cool techie toy
Size, design, keypad, scratch resistant metal.
A well built, reliable, professional tool.
size, durability, features, and very user friendly
small, light, great reception, lots of features
Small, sexy phone. Great reception and sound quality.
small size, easy to use, great features
Great size and reception.
Small, lightweight, easily fits in a pocket!
Super Stylish, Cool metallic finish, Great features
Sleek design, compact size, many nice features, very durable, tri-mode.
Great looking; lots of features; trust-worthy name; 400 name phone book.
Compact design, scratch resistant case, voice activated dialing
Indiglo display, dial-pad, menu, external display, phonebook, voice dialing and digital recorder.
Size, style, features
Small, great Reception and sound quality, comfortable to use, can sync contacts
Small, light, durable, great performance - you won't be disappointed
Has all the features, small sleek design, reliable.
Small, light, stylish, intuitive menus, feature-rich, external LCD display, solid feel, large phone book, well-built.
Size, Voice Recognition feature, styling
Very sleek design, external LCD display
Very small, easy to use, great features, amazing battery life
Sleek, Compact, many features.
Sleek design
Very Nice Looking, Status symbol, more ring tones, external display
Reception/Quality, Size, and Look
Reception, voice clarity, size and it just plain looks good!
Very small and lightweight phone!  Great features, ease of use.
Size, Battery life, outside flip display
Size, features, sleek design, external caller ID.
Size, looks, features, intelligent design.
PIM style phone book, Password protection
Looks,Small, Sleek, Light Wieght, good battery life, and Durable
Stylish, compact, easy to use, and VERY durable
Looks, Very Light
Size, caller id on outside, overall nice looking phone
Great sound, improved reception, easy to use, very cool, Data capable
Excellent Sound Clarity, Powerful Antenna, Stylish
Size,battery life,comfort,ease of use,style,weight.
Lightweight, very mobile, and fairly simple to use.
Small size, clarity, appearance, big buttons, fairly simple menus, lightweight, voice dialing
Small, durable, very clear, very trendy.
Compact design (sleek and sexy!), great reception
Metalized-futuristic styling, diminute size, dual screen, flip-open type, good screen
Compact size, ease of use, features
Size/weight, Connects to computer, voice-dial, ease of use
Small size, good reception, voice notes
Small, lightweight, reputable company, decent battery life, loaded w/features
GoodLooking, Dual LCDs, Voice-Active, WAP, Shortcuts Menus, ringtone-composer
Sleek, Functional, sweet phone!
In all seriousness, I cannot list a single positive attribute for this phone.
Use frequently, great phone!
Great call quality&#13;&#10;Nice form factor&#13;&#10;Voice dialing works great
Style, Size, ease of use, pure simple feel of it.
Size, weight, clarity, reception, low SAR
Beautiful,great reception,easy functions,and compact
User friendly, small, excellent sound quality and reception
Ergonomics; Sound quality; Reception; Aesthetically pleasing; User interface; Trimode CDMA
Reception, Battert Life, Styling, Voice Activation, Low Radiation
light, nice blue display, compact
External display
small, cool, solid, easy to use
good sound quality,reception,nice design,ultra stylish,small.
Compact, stylish yet rugged.  Innovative features.
The phone to own!
Star-Trekky look puts you in the 'cool' crowd
sleek, high tech looking, small
Style, Features, Size, Signal/Reception
Small, lightweight, good reception
Looks great,works great, easy to use
Sound quality is great, size is perfect, menus are easy to understand
Motorola i90c for Nextel is cheaper with same body style and more useful features
best phone ive ever had
Small, Sexy
Voice Dialing
small size, menus good
This phone is light weight.
Small and suprisingly heavy!
Good-looking. Lightweight.  Phone of the Moment!
Size, looks, sound quality
Design, Caller ID on outside, Size
light and small, great sound quality, easy to use, looks great
nice looking and that is it!
Nice looking, small, light
Stylish,sexy,cool
Many features and functions, easy to use, flip phone, excellent quality
Light, compact, simple, durable and attractive.
small and it folds
Cool
Nice looking phone
It's a Motorola, tri-band, custom menus, new software, did I mention it's a Motorola!
Indestructible Titanium case a new wrinkle in an otherwise board-to-tears phone industry.
3.5oz, Caller ID outside/inside, extremely clear, sleek and stylish
very good phone & battery
Compact and metallic body.
Small, Light weight
Great size and style.
High price makes you look like you have a lot of money to blow
Feels great in hand, looks handsome, great talk quality, clear display
Design, functionality and short learning curve
Size, Weight, Link to your comp.
Reliable, Stylish
Outstanding call quality, Small convenient size, Lots of features
Nice looking
Cool looking
sleek design, small form factor, good reception & battery life
Small, decent coverage. Not worth the price.
Size, style, voice dialing.
Small, lightweight
Sleek and ergonomic design
Small.  Light.  Feature/Function packed.
size, metal casing, great looks, outside caller id and info screen, tri-band GSM, GPRS
Small size, incredibly sturdy, external date, time & caller ID, long battery life, alarm.
Extremely durable (Washing machine safe apparently)
Antenna fixed, solid construction, nice speakerphone
Price into free fall,cheap if you can find one. A really good cell phone.
You can get one for cheap now with a mail-in rebate.
Size, battery life
Compact, light, and cute.
Tons of features, camera, radio, well-designed menu system
Features galore, Customisability, Excellent Battery Life.
Radio, Camera, Games, Customizable, Cool Design!
Small size and Calender with reminder option features are great,
Speaker phone, camera, FM radio, flashlight, durable
Battery life, trendy design, easy to use, excellent after sales
affordable, good FM radio, love the torchlight function.
Camera
lots of features
Speaker phone, FM radio, small and lightweight
flashlight, radio, speakerphone, battery lasts forever
Look cool.  Built well.  Good reception.  It's a Nokia.
Battery life, reception, perfect size (for me, at least), & rubberized coating for easy grip
Durability & small size
Strong and durable
Rubberised Coating, Extended Battery life compared to TX210
Sleek and handsome looks, nicely rubberized, dual back-lighting
Battery life, reception, durability, solid keys
extremely rugged, good contact functionality, messaging
Light weight, durable casing, easy to use and most of all reception
Great phone, durable, speaker phone
Small, handsome, light easy to use and program, lots, and lots of features.
*Rugged Rubberized Grip
Small size, GREAT battery life, built-in vibrate function, dual illumination, intuitive memory approach.
Extremely durable--military specs.
Battery Life, Durability, Phone book (the way it stores entries), Display light, sound clarity
Almost unbreakable, just the right size, rubberized grip, excellent LCD display
Durable, Long battery life, Inexpensive this list goes on...
Clear sound, light weight, easy search directory, durable, great speaker phone feature and sturdy buttons.
battery life, ability to enter multiple numbers for one person, durability, display
very light, and small
this phone is all that and more!it does everything i need it to do
Tough case and stable signals.
ruggedness, battery life, multi-band operation, logical operation
Amazing features that are technological marvels, a good phone,
Lightweight,looks great,hands free
Gobs o' features, including speakerphone and voice dialing.  Super cool looks, great quality, easy navigation.
The speakerphone and voice dialing features are great for people always on the go.
Sleek, lightweight, speakerphone, keyguard, good reception, lots of other features!
Sleek and Sexy, High Performance
Dual-band, built-in speakerphone, feature-packed
Tons of features, speakerphone, voice dial.
Unlimited features and light as a feather.
Ummm none?
Speaker Phone, Tons of Gadgets
size, battery, voice dial, speakerphone
Excellent voice quality, superb battery life, quality construction
size, style, features, durability
Packed with useful features, cool backlit LCD, well built
Features, Features, Features
bright backlight, intuitive text input, PIM, voice dialing, auto answer, speakerphone
Appearance/Features
Speaker phone, Voice activated dialing, Long battery life, Affordable, Stylish design.
So Many Features, Even more Features, Clarity, Price, Speaker phone, etc...
Voice dialing, terrific battery life, great reception!
Voice Activated Dialing, Speakerphone, Great Interface Qualities, Longest Battery Life to Date
Solid phone with highly usable menus and great quality
speaker, headphone jack, light, blue screen, battery charge, looks
Lots of features, lots of battery life
functions and clarity
Clarity, Speakerphone, Phone Book, Voice Dial and Ring, Battery Life,Size
Long Battery Life, Indiglo, Non-Flip-Style, Travel Charger, Feature-Packed
Clear reception, Speakerphone, Voice-Activated dialing, Voice Mail, Backlit screen, Memos/Calendar
SMALL, SLEEK, COOL, and it works well.
Reception; Sound Quality; Speakerphone; Display; Stand-by Time
Loaded with features, and the battery lasts forever.
small, lightweight, luminated keypad
Lightweight yet durable, many nice features and excellent battery life!
Voice dial, high number holding capacity
Voice ringer, bright display, many feature sets, smart button placements, quick phonebook searches
Display, battery life, menus
Indiglo display backlight, sleek design, solid features, speakerphone.
style, many cool features
Great reception, very stylish, long battery life.
Functional features, speaker, voice activation, pretty and legible blue screen.
Small, Light, Cute, Speaker Phone
Lightweight, lot's of cool features for a great price!
Easiest phone to use, once learned.&#13;&#10;Awsome quality, durability, and battery.
New Options: Speakerphone, Voice Dialing & a Stronger Signal
Cool Styling, Speakerphone, Voice Memo
size, sound quality, weight.
Fun and Functional
Great non-flip, well featured phone with newer technology others will follow.
lightweight, versatile, attractive, slim, tons of features
Great backlight, reception and easy to use.
Keypad, lightweight, easy navigation.
Nothing like my wife.
Fantastic battery life, speakerphone, high-contrast display, charger.
Long battery life. Handsfree via earpiece of speakerphone. Voice recorder.
Speaker, Voice activation, screen size, wireless web
Speakerphone, Indiglo
Speakerphone, Display, Ringers, Features in General
indiglo back lighting
INSANE battery life, gobs o' features, cool looking phone, lots more
Good battery and nice display
new features
Tons of features, wireless internet.
Speakerphone, BRIGHT SCREEN, nice menus. Perfect choice.
Speakerphone. Tons of features.
Excellent Reception!  Great Speaker Phone!  Very clear and very durable!
Neat speaker phone, great buttons, excellent sound, amazing battery life.
Speaker phone, games, many different rings, calculator, etc.
call clarity, battery life, speaker phone, voice dial, internet
Excellent speaker phone,voice ringer,ringers
Feature rich, ease of use, length of battery
Size &amp; Technology
Great features
Size,  sound quality, and appearance
Has all the features you could want.
Bells and whistles , long battery life , good reception
Great clarity, built-in speaker phone, looks sharp, easy to use, and VERY Cool
Light, small, great sound quality
Good sound through the handset
Easy to use. Small size.  Plenty of features
Clear, Solid, Not a flip phone, Robust features, Web, Spkr phone
FULL DUPLEX SPEAKER PHONE (IT WORKS!) WITH ONE TOUCH SPEAKER ACTIVATION- VOICE ACTIVATED DIALING
Good screen, speakerphone, long battery life, lots of features.
Excellent features.  Near perfect speakerphone.  Durability.  Battery life.  Standard headset jack.
speakerphone, durable, battery life
Lots of promising features, but...
everything is easy to use and the funtions are great
sturdy, menus, phone book search
Very sleek with awesome features.  Backlit screen is nice.
Clear connection, long battery life, attractive.
Feature rich&#13;&#10;Fairly durable&#13;&#10;Good battery life
Perfect size for a non-flip phone. Easy to navigate menu. Great speaker phone.
loaded with functions, voice ringer and battery life
Glowing backlight, reception, speakerphone, excellent quality and reliable
Speaker phone, sound quality
Strong Construction, Durable, Has all the goodies
Small, long battery, lots of features
Vibrate ringer,  voice dial, speaker phone, call quality, compact size, battery life, wireless internet.
it looks great, slim and stylist!
Many, Many features&#13;&#10;Great call quality
Speakerphone, Cool Indiglo Screen, Voice Dialing, Web Access
Extremely practical, yet very cool!
The best Phone Out there so far!
Crisp and clear speakerphone,loads of features, super screen, it talks to me!
Battery Lasts Forever.  Can Do Everything Except The Dishes.
light weight, durable, small.
Features,lighting,durability,easy to use
Basic well functioned phone for....  $7.00! Yes $7.00
Great phone, Speakerphone is very handy
Clear, Easy & Wonderful
sleek design
Large screen, easy menus, good signal
Durable, can be dropped.&#13;&#10;Awesome speaker, great sound.&#13;&#10;Good reception.&#13;&#10;Good button placement.
Compact, Indiglo, Evironment Feature
Fun while it lasts, until you drop it too many times
Compact, Indiglo, Evironment Feature
Nice phone, easy to use, good reception
Speakerphone, voice dialing, cool blue light.
Size, Speakerphone, Quality
Great battery life, great reception, good features.
This is the Cell Phone to have for those on the run.
Voice calling and promting, light weight and seems durable
Great phone, super great options worth the purchase
see the review
Battery, Ergonomics
Great phone!
ease of use and nice features
Too many to list
Wow, where to start? Clarity, functionality, BLUETOOTH, IR, superior battery life.
Tons of great features, easy to use, Bluetooth, sound quality, battery life
A fantastic phone. Love every minute of it. Simple but full at once.
Simple. Powerful.
Standby, Bluetooth, GPRS, weight, everything else
durable, robust, feature rich, gold standard.
*Excellent* battery life, lightweight, sensibly sized, easy menu system, java
Blue Screen Outstanding Voice Quality, Flexible.GPRS,Bluetooth, And Software
Battery life, usability, sound
GPRS, Bluetooth, ability to upload Java programs, great reception and battery life, good menu, solid
Reliable, light, long battery time
Durability, size, menus
sturdy
Good battery life, nice keys, bluetooth
GSM and TDMA.
interface, compatibility with earlier models
Small, light, takes pictures, good sound, great functions, games.
Bright main display, good design and styling, convenient swivel camera, intuitive layout.
Clear large screen
Camera, camera, camera.  Variety of features, sensible menus, solid feel, did I mention the camera?
GREAT CLARITY, easy to use, cool camera, great sounding ringtones, great 65,000 color screen.
An excellent phone packed with what a user would need of a mobile handset.
Built-in digital camera, 65,000 color TFD main display, t-zones internet capable, SMS templates
color lcd, picture phone, 40 polyphonic ring tones
Light and Sleek, built in camera, color and a world wide phone!
Solid construction, very reliable, holds charge well, handy camera, easy to use.
next best thing to a cool looking non-exposed-keypad cell phone
Very small, light, camera is built-in.
Feels solid, nice ring tones, bright display.
Very attractive, Poly Ringtones, Easy to  use
Weight/Shape Balanced. Superior LCD. Usable ( not junk ) Features. Versatile Connectivity.
Lightweight, pictures are decent.
Clarity, ringtones, attached phone, weight, size, battery life.
Cool design and good sound quality in polyphonics(MMF).
compact...clarity...
Cheap, portable, and very easy to use.
Nice slim design; no visible antenna; big display; Picture messages; EMS; WAP; Cheap price.
Sleek and slim look, Excellent battery life, Good reception.
Sliding cover phone, computer and palm pilot all rolled into one!
Large memory, good battery, comes with all the necessary components
Does everything.  After a while you won't know how you got along without it.
Features, Screen Size, Scroll Button, Slide Cover
Most advanced model in standard, a voice set, cable and earphone in a package
Big screen, size/weight, great organizer, great reception, NaviRoller, voice dialing, long battery life, neat features
Nice big screen.  Long battery life.  Lots of features.  Great organizer.  Built well
Compatability, ease of use, batery life, signal strength, looks
Sliding cover that does not need to used; NaviRoller; large memory
Screen and font size, and features.
Acts as PDA, easy to read screen, predictive typing, Othello/Reversi game, voice dialing
Big screen; roller thing; nice design; good battery life; predictive text input; voice tags
Slick, Stylish, Features, Keypad cover
Good features and nice screen.
Text messaging,navi-roller, sliding cover, its a NOKIA
large screen, battery life, sliding cover, calendar, calculator. curved shape fits your hip.
Great display, tons of features, direct connect to Palm and PC without a modem.
Everything from Style to Functionality
Ease of use. Similarity to the 7110
Functional, stylish design, easy to use, and easy to read screen
Store 1000 names on the phone...Its light to carry around....
great phone for a low price!
I like the slide up feature because my hubby is always hitting something
awesome look,feel and design
Lots of features, games, and connectivity, good battery
Long Battery Life, Large Display, Digital/Data Compatible
Battery life, internet and e-mail capabilities, and popularity
The 7160 has fewer dropped calls when vs. 6160 or 6161.
Styling, performance and features, external Caller ID
Compact, sleek, attractive, loud ring
Sharp, tiny, great ergonomics, packed with features, BETTER ANTENNA
Nice features, flip convenience, strong reception.
Small, Smart, Tough-Skinned and a long-lasting battery.
Long battery life, easy to use, excellent size.
EVERYTHING
Compact, stylish, good buttons, great screen clarity, external window
Very small, sturdy, and feature filled
Best small phone since the Nokia 262!
Stylish, Small, Light, Great Reception, Convenient Caller ID Screen, Clear Calls
sophisticated, stylish, small yet good size
Ultra compact, durable and stylish!
Small size, ease of use, clear controls
Comfortable design, big buttons, small and light
stylish, voice activated dialing
Tough little phone.  Easy to hear conversations.  Good voice
Everything
Small, lots of features, great reception.
Sleek design , intuitive functions , loads of options
Can take a bit of abuse, looks VERY professional
Battery life, signal reception, PCS messaging, address book, voice recognition
External Caller ID Screen
-Clarity
Looks great, small
Great phone all around.
The Motorola V60t is compact and sleek.
easy to use
practical and nice!
Excellent sound quality,reception,good battery life,loaded w.features...voice dialing,etc
Very Small, Very Clear, Great Features, Very Easy To Use
very small, very light, very cool
Great reception, internet capable, Size,
Small size, comfortable feel, "cool" design, easy-to-use interface.
Small, New Display Screen
Reception and size
Small
Smallest available, great function
Small, Stylish, Wireless Web
Very small, very "cool," great reception
Innovative, voice dialing, internet
Looks like a spaceship. Fairly durable. Can't see it unless using a microscope.
Small, Light, Beautiful, Easy To use
Small
Small, convenient clarity
size, battery, internet
Size
Lightweight, Sturdy, Good sound quality, internet access.
durable, small. clarity
size, size and size, simplicity, durability, clarity.
works well, cute, lots of features
small, light and very versatile phone with great sound and functionality.
Long battery life.  Compact size.  Nice color screen.
Light weight, intuitive, attractive, affordable
Cute, light weight, compact, decent display screen
Nice screen, okay reception, very small phone.
Overall sound quality, durability, size, battery life, features, quality, price
Size, weight, outstanding screen, ease of use, quick menu access, plenty of features.
Animation of the phone was cool
Style
In general, this is a light, reliable, cheap no-frills phone. Good audio quality and reception.
Thin profile, lightweight, and large, vivid color display. Clear audio and easy to use.
Ultra small size, very light-weight. Good set of features for a small phone.
Lightweight, nice design, clear display
Light
its cool and cute
Reception, Menu, Memory, Organizer, Handsfree Port, Service light
The phone itself is cool.  good ringtones, small, sleek.
Size, portability, metal case, style, battery life, games, screen quality, *durability*
Pretty phone, a lot of features as far as making the phone look good.
Cute, stylish, not that expensive
Lightweight, compact, easy to use, nice color screen
Small,color screen,(loud)poly ringers,picks up great.
small, stylish, lightweight, color screen
Nice looking, clear screen.
Funky, sexy, easy to use
Good looking
Radio.  Global coverage.  Camera.  Great look.  Great size.
Looks, Desirability, Screen
Colored screen, built in camera, looks elegant, tri-band and MMS capable
tailorable menu shortcuts, speaker for quick hands free option
Small changes from the 7210/6610 make this an outstanding phone.
Colour Screen, Polyphonic ringtones, camera, games
a attractive solid easy to use compact fully spec'd out phone
Very, very solid.  Quite light and small.  Looks sort of funky.
Trendy, Tough AND Unique
Different covers, shock proof, good clear sound
Small and compact.
all the features
clear, small, lightweight
Tons of features, good everywhere, long lasting battery, and games for when you get bored.
Many handy features
size, cost , utility
small, clear sound, good batter life
workhorse that doesn't give up
Very light, easy to use, state-of-the-art battery life
Battery Life, Durable
Excellent sound quality, long standby and talk time, light weight, works on digital and analog
light, compact, good features, usually strong signal and large calling radius.
Great options, very few drop calls
One rate plan compatible, dual band dual mode phone, call I.D. call waiting
Many options and small size
Quality, Design, Durability, Features, Value
A plethora of options
It's got games, a calendar, and a 199-number memory.
Small, great sound, many features
small, light, great sound, phone book, calender, too much to list!
Small, Lightweight, Attractive, Battery Life
Small. lightweight, great reception, so many features
Great design, solid, swappable face plate
Battery life, durability, sound quality
Multiple features, long battery life
Style, Features.
Talk time, standby time, rugged
numerous functions, good clarity, personalized settings, long battery life.
Easy to use, numerous easy to use features, changeable color plates
Good battery life
Amazing battery life, excellent user friendliness
Clarity, Portability
good software, lots of accessories
GSM, price, features
light-weight, good information storage, strong after-market, good styling and size
Great overall phone - easy to use and many accessories available
Battery life, sound quality, ease of use
Battery life, build quality, small size
Very portable, very long battery life, easy to use.
Works as advertised
good quality phone with plenty of features
all around good phone
reliable and lightweight
Clear, simple, solid, and long battery life
Good size, durable, many accessories, long talktime
Superb sound quality, durability, and options
Size, sound clarity, digital
lots of options, sounds clear, easy to use
Easy to Use, Durable, Cool Tunes!
build quality, easy of use, battery life
Snake is a lotta fun
Good talktime, Lotta features.
Size and digital quality
Good cell phone
Large Phone # memory. Simple Dialing.
Excellent talk time, battery life and menu interface
You can make a call, generally.
Size, battery life, software
compact, various ring selections, excellent battery life
Nationwide use.
feature rich (calendar, calculator, games, ring types)
Weight, size, battery, antenna, shell
Awesome form factor-- shape, weight, colored faceplates
small, customizable
Excellent features
Memory storage is huge
feature-loaded; adaptable appearance; very portable; decent reception on most service types
Relatively nice in size and style; equipped with useful set-in features; can decorate with many different color tops, plastic window and buttons.
calculator, dated alarm, excellent tech support
Rugged,  Small and Reliable with nice features
complete with pager
stylish, super long battery life, excellent menu UI
Design, digital reception, size and weight
Extended Battery Time, Calculator, Calendar, Phone Memory, Small Size and Weight
Techie features
Lots of options, great design
lightweight, durable, long battery life, many features,
Low ELF emissions
Simple, stylish package
Small enough to handle easily
User Friendly, Easy to Use, Long standby &amp; talk time
Reception, battery life, menus
everything about it
Cool look, great features
Great sound quality, very little or no static, sleek design
Small, handy
small, lightweight, many features
Handi and nice to have
LOOOONG battery life and great reception with many calling features.
Safety
Size, Shape, Smell, Taste, Feel
Good clarity, ease of use, and nicely designed.
Low Price, Connections, Hands Free, Caller ID
Light weight, great sound quality, awesome battery life
Clarity
Long battery life, can be cradled on shoulder
Sleek Styling, Memory
can change the face plate
Soild engineering, tried-and-true phone
Long battery life
Great features, small package
Great features, slim design, good accessories available
Good clarity, solid construction, great features, decent size
It is a great Phone
Games, special rings
good phone
Features, Talk time
Solid, good reception
size, appearance, and &quot;everyday&quot; features
small &amp; light
The phone is wonderful, everything in one little package!!!
features and more features, durability
Lightweight, features, looks
Crisp sound, fun games, excellent battery life
small, great reception, simple
Durable, good size, long battery life.
features, light-weight, battery life on standby
services, digital support
Great reception, excellent battery life, well considered convenience features
Sleek great phone
Durability, Accesories, Battery Life
Light, durable, comes with 4 games, many different ringing options, easy to use interface
reliable product
small enough to carry with you
Easy to use, portable, efficient &amp; entertaining
Ease of use, reliable and durable
great size, easy-to-use, long battery life
Its waste of time features
great battery life
Clarity and Sound
safe, strong, reliable, changing colors, extra features, longest talk time and standby time in the industry.
Lots functions, nice price, nice look, nice size...  you get the point.
Chic, classy...can fit in your pocket, bag etc..Colorful..
Small, easy to use
Everything including battery life, call clarity, size and weight, and ease of use
Long battery life, easy to use
Easy to handle, no flip front!
Compact, and easy to use
Great features, reception, reliability
Full featured, has everything and some.
Good battery life, price, overall good performance.
blocks roaming charges, nice looking, sturdy antenna
Everything
small, stylish, easy to understand menus
Great phone, good size, clarity, etc.
Well Balanced phone
Good and durable
complete, not expensive, shape, functional, easy
blocks roaming charges, nice looking, sturdy antenna
nice games, right size, decent battery life, different from the 5160
Simple to use, Good sound
long battery life
alot
long battery,loud and clear.
3
Best cell phone on the Market
technological marvel
Several features
Size, battery life, use-ability
Quality, Features
Price, Product
easy to use, hangs on belt clip nicely
Great features, convenient size
Small, lightweight size, Features, Incredible call clarity
Size, transmission and reception of calls
Features, Sound Quality
a great phone most of the time
Profiles, big address book, reliable
Great battery life
Personal Features, Size,and Price
Everything
Easy to Use, Light, Long battery life
long battery life, extremely good product design
Size, features, coverage.
Great Features
great battery life, easy to use menus, great quality
all of the above
battery life, reception, features
Light, small, powerful
it is very good
Very easy to use, good battery life, excellent reception.
Everything
top of the line
nice design, easy to use
Sturdy, good-looking, easy to use, helpful features
nice little and durable phone
easy to use
Small, lightweight, great features
Small, flip, colorful!
Clear Calls, Excellent Reception, "Cool" factor, Good Battery Life
65K Color Screen, Features, Weight, Signal Strength, Battery Life
Excellent color screen, decent OEM battery life (for a color phone)
Screen, size and battery life.
BETTER BATTERY LIFE! BETTER CALL QUALITY!
Feature packed phone that does just about everything imaginable.
Screen, Verizon-free downloads, style, quality, features, GPS
Color screen, line quality, ringtones, alarm clock features, stylish and modern phone!
Bright LCD Screen, External LCD, Clear and Beautiful Ringtones
Small, lightweight, awesome color screen and many features
voice quality, voice dialing, color screen, interface, size
Outstanding reception, easy to use.
Colour screen, flip phone design,
small, brilliant screen, great reception, voice dial
Excellent phone with great reception and ergonomics and simple to use.
Nice, easily read screen, good reception, thoughtfully designed, easy & accurate voice dialing
call quality, size&weight, style, ease of use, external LCD, well built
Has a great color internal LCD screen.
Beautiful color display and graphics; nice layout; good size and shape
Almost everything! Excellent reception, cool color screen, no problems so far.
Colorful, voice recognition
Clear display, loud and clear sound, intuitive menus
Very good voice clarity
Small but not too small, Very user friendly, Battery doesn't run out, Great colors
Excellent reception, beautiful color screen, great volume level (if not a little too loud sometimes).
Durability, Looks, Color Screen, Features.
display, design, features
Great options, built strong, pleasing look, good clarity.
GPS 911, great sound, loud ringtone, compact
battery life, digit buttons, loud rings, tri-mode,
Clarity, reception, size, overall quality.
Good reception, easy to read keypad and display, good battery life, attractive styling
Gorgeous color screen, great battery life
Nice color screen, good battery life for color screen phone
Great reception, clarity of calls, color screen, basically a pretty fun little phone.
Features, user interface, build quality, battery life,
Better than average voice quality
Nice standard ring tones; I like the flip phone style
Battery Life
Solid case. Good display. Big, spaced out number keys.
Outer display, ability to assign ringers & photos to callers, chic factor, keypad, voice-activation
Just about everything.
Ease of use, options, comfort on the eyes
Color Screen, Voice Dialing
Vibrant Display, Excellent Sound Quality
Small, compact, great screen
Battery, Sound quality, Features, Screen
Great Phone
Ease of use...great color, size....ease of menu...ease of downloads...Get It Now...battery, so far.
Color display, user-friendly, high-technology, fast menus, great functionality.
Great features...color display, voice dialing, great rings........low price.
Good reception, backlighting, easy menus, voice dial
Small, Color, Excellent reception, Changable backgrounds, and ringers.  Games. Expensive!!
Display, looks, battery life
Color screen. Nice basic accessories. Easy to navigate, and to spell out names. Fun games.
reliable as heck, useful features, nice looks, VERIZON
Screen, ringer volume, clarity, coverage, ringer tones, antenna
light weight, lots of features
Beautiful colored screen and lots of options. Love the blue lighted keys.
Menus are a breeze to navigate.  Good clear signal. Awesome sound quality.
GREAT Volume, buttons, battery life, Bright Screens (inside and out).
bright screen, nice features
Screen, battery, sounds,
Lightweight, clear calls
price, performance, bettery
Good voice quality, nice firmware features, small profile, good battery life.
Size, options, durability
Cool features.
Kewl rings. The ability to change colors of external screen.
Great interface
Rich color display.
Overall Quality
Silvery futuristic exterior
Great color screen, good volume, nice size.
Great Service, very Colorful, decent battery life for a phone, many features
It's color, I got it free after rebates at Verizon. Has features
Great screen and features
External caller ID. That's about it.
User Interface; color screen; blue keys
It has a camera, comes free sometimes with a signed contract.
Awesome look, awesome ringtones, tons of features, 'get-it-now' enabled.
NONE WHATSOEVER
Durability, interface, battery.
easy to use, web, color, durable,
Color phone, easy phonebook, text messaging, web (easy to use), You get one free ringtone download, easy to customize, very few lost calls, can take a beating ( threw it around like my car keys), can download whatever song you want with GET IT NOW (ringtones, wallpapers), voice dialing, easy to figure out all options, good service,
Free with some plans
Small, flip phone, easy to use
pics;video;testing;extra service numbers
Color screen, easy menu
long battery life, durable, charges fast
snappy little phone, i like the color screen, i really like the voice dialing.
Good features, operationally sound, good battery life
Great phone, Excellent Reception
It's 99.9% perfect
You can't kill it
color screen,good reception, good battery life, fun rings
nice color screen.  small size.  can download different tones, pics, etc.
Great displays, lighted keys, reasonable battery life, comfortable and substantial feel in hand.
Nice features
Different color choices and pictures.  Voice activated, speed dialing, small.
Durability
Flip phone, easy menus, attractive, games
nice simple messaging features, excellent color display,  reasonable battery life
everything is good except for the battery.
Lightweight, great screen resolutoin, logical menu and navigation.
Nice size, clear screen.
Great sound quality, amazing features
advanced features, color
Reasonably priced, great quality and sound.
Price (free with contract), sound quality, features, customization available
Lots of features for a "cheap" phone.
Has everything you need and more.
Very easy to use, inexpensive. Jam-packed with awesome features and games.
Good cheap phone
small, no external antennae, no flip, great features
Has a lot of easy-to-use features, excellent reception, very portable
Light weight, good reception, nice looking, easy to use.
Good quality, resonable price, very easy to use.
Intergrated antenna, interchangable covers, nice looks, good reception, lots of features, small size.
Plenty of customisable covers; great games; voice- and one-touch dialing; durable; vibrating alert; internal antenna
Good features, durable, stylish.
Sleek, Elegant and sporty if you want it to be. Strong reception, Light weight.
Small phone, great features, good reception
Good reception, no antenna.
Small, light, no antenna, great alarm clock, vibrator.
Small, beautiful, customizable phone. Has the most features of any phone in the US!
small, lightweight, cool faceplates, voice recognition, inexpensive
Nice and compact, chock full o' features, sturdy for its size, and VIBRATING!
Easy to use, easy options, helpful guides
Light weight, Clear sound quality, loads of other features
Small, with clear sound and nice screen.
Small, Sounds Great, Great Battery Life, Easy To "Get To Know"!!!
Good features and sound clarity as long as you have a good signal.  VERY RUGGED!
Price, sound quality, craftsmanship, features, customizable
Great features, very light but not too small.
The Phone is Small, Clear, Durable (I've dropped it...), and Easy to Use.
Very small; tons of features; no special battery required for vibrate mode.
No Attenna, Small/Lightweight, Good Signal Reception, Fits Anywhere!
Small, good battery life, intuitive to use.
Features, menu, downloadable ringtones and operator logo, good RF and voice quality.
Cool games, lots of features!
Size and easy access to numbers unlike smaller phones.  Not a flip-up phone
Light stylish and easy to use.
Lots of customizable features, games and it's a Nokia.
small, lightweight
Size, customizability, lots of features
compact size, hidden antennae, games, calendar and calculator,
small and very portable, vibration, ring tone composer
Small, Internal Antenna, Customizable
Small, Lightweight, Changeable faceplates, downloadable ringtones, simple, easy-to-use
is easy to use and is great options
Low Price, Excellent Reception, Fully Customizable
Light, very portable.
Small, loud ring, inexpensive for the new user
Small;lots of features; full customizable; unbeatable price
Small, cheap - actually it's free with some providers.
Cool screensavers, cute ringtones, interior antennae
Small size with big size sound
Small and lightweight, and still durable.
small, very durable, AIM installed on some, spacious keys
What you want in a cellphone, Nokia 3390 has it all for you.
compact size, light weight, powerful features, easy to use
Small, Light, Features, Battery life, free headset & vibrating battery
It's great and easy
powerful antennae, easy to use, compose ring tones
Easy to use, looks nice, small & light, just a great phone.
Small, feature enhanced, new edge phone that scores cool points.
Great Price, Nice Size, Plenty of Features, Clear, Quality Sound
No external antenna, good key size, lots of useful features
small, compact, durable, stylish
User-friendly interface, more options than earlier models, SIM card
Free, durable, customizable, good battery life, AIM, voice dialing, and easy navigation.
Nice Size, Easy to Use
Stylish, functional, relatively cheap, full of gadget-like features! :-D
Light weight, perfect size, great reception, and great battery strength
Cute styling, good games, great clarity (voicestream), personalization options
Many great functions with large screen and buttons.
small, affordable, stylish, replaceable front AND back covers, music composer, much more
Colorful Faceplates, Great Reception, Easy to use interface
Sleek and good price
Durable, easily portable, light, clear, nice features, nice phone!
Easy to use,Tough
short, attractive compact and cheap
Small, User-friendly, Intuitive, Good battery life
Compact , fits in a pocket , durable , easy to use
Size, and Weight, Profiles
Small, easy to use, clarity, cool settings
Great battery life, awesome games, compact, and durable.&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;
Nice Candy design, Lots of Featured
Size and Weight&#13;&#10;Features, and NO ANTENNA!
Great compact size(not too small), lightweight, tons of features, back and front changeable faceplates
small, easy of use, good reception, no external antenna to break
cheap, easy to use, personal, good sound/signal
Nice,good size, fun games, great features
Many great deals for this phone
It is very affordable, it's small and fits anywhere meaning you can take it anywhere.
I love this phone! It has a great, sturdy case, and many features.
Cute. Small. No annoying antenna sticking out.
I can personalize my phone as much as I want.
good service, voice tags, assigned ring tones
Small
Small size, excellent clarity
very lite, doesn't take up a lot of room
Voice Dialing, Navigation in menus while on a call, and a Ring tone composer.
Sleek, Compact, Stylish, Many Features
Its small and compact with great features.
compact,inherits the Nokia family characteristics,nice color,multi-functions
Text message, up to 2 hours and 40 minutes talk time
Many options/light weight/games/stores 99 names/numbers
Front AND back faceplates, ringtone composer, calendar, alarm, messaging
Many great features
I got it for cheap, good battery life and good reception.
light weight, portability, not many have it, affordable, quality, ease of use
Great features in a small phone.
Small Compact Versatile Cell
Feature rich, good performance, excellent battery life, great overall value.
Internal antenna, voice dialing, price, custom faceplates, durability, readily available accessories at local stores.
Very simple to use, nice small size.
New operating system is awesome.
Great style! Very easy to use! Lightweight!
Great Price and Value
intuitive to use, easy to access functions.
Small enough to fit in your pocket
Small, so many accessories it's hard to chose one :)
good phone
small-but bigger than 8260,&#13;&#10;good button feedback,&#13;&#10;easy to read screen, great sound
Small, extra covers are cheap, AIM access
Sound and alarm
Better reception than previous models&#13;&#10;Less flatlines&#13;&#10;Cheap&#13;&#10;Compact&#13;&#10;Lightweight&#13;&#10;Easy to use&#13;&#10;Newer games
Great little phone, stylish and functional
Solid phone.  Easy, fun, not too expensive.
Lots of options, digital, fairly easy to use
Very small,light weighted,changeable faceplates
You cannot break this phone. Period.
reception, sound quality, compose your own ring, easy txt msging, price
Email, caller ID, voice mail, and aol instant messenger.
EVERYTHING
works well
text messaging, screen savers, inexpensive, durable, the perfect size.
good calling service, good features, more games, good graphics
Small and compact, good battery life, durable, voice dialing
Easy interface, decent battery time
slim phone, looks really nice, great reception
Excellent phone with tons of features.
Still works fine.
Excellent sound and battery, price (mine was free), reception
good reception, plenty of features
more stylish, lots of accessories, text messaging, customizable features
Caller ID, Alarm clock, Love the choice of face plates
Nice form-factor, Long battery life, Good reception, Lots of accessories
Excellent phone
Easy to use, tons of options,immediate connection to family and friends
Long Lasting Battery, Fun to use!
Solid, reliable, feature-rich, easy to use.
Light, user friendly, one key call, send and disconnect.
Good digital sound quality and battery life
Small, light weight, very portable, great power, long lasting, lots of features
Up to date technology, great features
Reliable, perfect size, all around great phone
inter-changable faceplates, inexpensive yet high quality, many features
Digital Phone, with ability to send SMS messages and e-mail
EASY TO USE!!  Very great selection of features, quality and price!  ACCESSORIES!
Customizable, good battery life, takes a beating
Intuitive design, Good size, Good community
SMS, Easy to use
Price, downloadable ringtones, text messages and email
More styling then 5160, &amp; has T-9 Predictive Text Capability
Simple; easy to use; built like a tank (but only 14 oz)
Fairly well featured
Light and fun!
Good clarity, many customizable features, and good size display.
Ease of use, works with many prepaid services, low price.
easy to use, e-mail, messages, alarm clock, etc.
Low cost, simplicity, extra features.
wide variety of face plates, easy to use, not very big, tons of features
Extremely customizable; excellent sound; great features; fun games; inexpensive.
Typical Nokia quality, easy to use, decent features for the money, cool new looks
Easy to use, can change the colors on the face and download tones
Nice size and weight, good selection of features, value
Lightweight and Stylish, Great Clarity, Durable
standard, good battery, good sound quality, custom ringtones, optional covers
Great feel, extremely easy to use, intuitive, long battery life, lots of options
THE Honda civic of cell phones!
Small, easy to use, clear as a bell, cool number storage option
Sturdy, Good Battery Life, Faceplates.
changable color covers. voice mail, caller id, long battery life
Durable, easy to use, economical, good looking phone, many extra features
Good reception/features/battery life/size
Economic, lots of features, replaceable covers.
Easy to Use, Decent Battery Life, Inexpensive
It has great tunes, games....
Easy to use and durable
size, price
Lightweight, couple of games, alarm clock. Nice phone for the buck.
Simple phone to use. Doesn't need the bells & whistles like others.
Great Features, Kewler look than 5100 series.
numerous generic accessories available, tones available for download from the web
good reception, easy to use
easy to use, many available ring tones
Price:  Often "free" with a multi-year plan; balance of features, reliability.
nice shape, used by many people, caller ID, custom face plates
Excellent design, ergonomic, good battery life, well designed menu.
User friendly
the blue face meant I didn't need to spend $20 more on a face plate
Good styling&#13;&#10;changeable faceplates&#13;&#10;AWESOME battery life&#13;&#10;keyguard
good unit
Attractive, multi function phone
No-nonsense solid little phone.
Long battery life, voice mail, caller ID, games, and a very easy to use menu.
The phone is comfortable and easy to use long battery life
Easy to change faceplates, easy to use
Small enough to fit in a pocket, but not so small that it's easily broken.
Trimode (Analog/Digital/PCS), easy to use, perfect for high school/college students
handy, practical, the games are neat.
lots of features, cheap, great accesories, easy to use
clarity, ease of use, cool "kinda" new look
Incredible Battery Life.  Perfect size, not to large not to small.  Great reception!
Battery Life, Great Phone Reception, Easy to Use
Interchangeable face plates, Accessories everywhere, quality, durable.
Comfortable to talk on, color covers, priced right
Its small, versatile, and affordable.
Lots of features, sounds like a regular phone, adorable, compact, and fun
Phone performs very well.
Looks nice, sounds nice, is nice
Ease of use, great features, voice clarity excellent
it is a light wieght phone with many options
Relatively small, reliable.
Easy to use, cheap price, e-mail options, instant message options, etc.
Great features , easy to use, great reception, durable
easy to use
Good Reception and solid.
Durable, sexy!
nice faceplates, 1-touch dialing, lots of space for numbers
Inexpensive, good quality sound
Reliable, Great volume control, comfortable in the hand, durable, many faceplates produced, battery strength lasts.
The day i gave it back to my cell phone company
Better than the 5160
Great battery life, excellent reception, good phonebook
tons of features,including an alarm.  Long battery life!
Affordable, lots of accessories, basic for first time buyers.
Wide range of accessories, text messaging, and custom ringtones.
Great compact phone, lots of life in it.
99 number memory, good voice quality, and one hell of a snake game
Great features, love the ability to change face plates
It's Free!
solidly built, good battery life, good sound
Multi Function Center Button
Small, user-friendly, versatile
Changeable Face Plates, Small enough to fit in pocket or small purse
Speedy recharging device, great reception, and fun rings.
Attractive, good size, good battery, very durable.
Great features, good battery life, inexpensive.
NONE, NONE, NONE
Nice look, not too heavy, cheap, long battery life, good customer care services!
Lightweight, games, Tones
Real clear
Address book is accessible with cursor arrow. the navi key is a "current available function"
Great phone, tons of features, easy to use
Easy to use, durable, great reception, great price, Many accessories
Email is useful. From my computer, I  email my grocery shopping list to myself.
Affordable and Functional
Tons of features. Simple to use!
A lot of features, It was free with my cellular plan.
Durable, dependable, good reception,clear audio, long battery life, inexpensive accessories.
great reception, sound, it is reliable, and the battery lasts a long time.
Good Reception.
Texts,tone volume,easy faceplate change,durable
Great reception!
easy-to-use, durable
Accessories out the a**, downloadable ringtones, messaging & basic email
Small, great reception, voice dial, browser, indiglo blue LCD, outer ID screen, variable vibrate alert
Fancy, Compact, Clear, Excellent Phone
Inexpensive, looks like Motorola V60c, feature rich.
Great size, good battery life, rings or vibrates.
various features, front LCD display, new technology
Compact, incredibly feature-filled, great sound . . . toss the land line phone!!
Tri-Mode, front LCD display.
SMALL, BATTERY LIFE, GAMES, CALCULATOR, FRONT SCREEN
small size; great battery life; sturdy construction; stylish; menus are intuitive
size, weight, signal strength, clarity, durability, outside caller ID
Good voice quality and reception, high gadget factor for low price
Light weight, long battery life, voice activated dialing.
Excellent reception/broadcast. Very small, tri-mode, exterior LCD, SMS, vibrate+ring.
STYLISH! Sleek hi-tech appearance, compact, light, long battery, durable, feature full.
Compact, incredibly feature-filled, great sound . . . toss the land line phone!!
Small size and lots of features
Small size, great reception, ergonomic design, loaded with features.
Small size, good looks, voice dialing, good clarity and volume, decent battery life.
great display, inner and outer, with indigo color, decent reception
Small, Great battery life, Clear reception, Easy 1-touch dialing, Outside Caller ID display
Small, tri-mode, full-featured, exterior LCD, SMS, vibrate+ring, voice-activated dialing.
Lots of features and quality for the money.
external display, size
Clarity, size
big phonebook, light-weight, good amount of features
Very small and lightweight, external caller id, data-capable, voice recognition.
External display with battery/signal/cid size, cost
Small size, state-of-the-art features, dual display, excellent sound quality, sturdy construction, good looking, good value.
Outer LCD screen, good reception, sturdy casing, tri-mode.
Size, build quality, battery life, LCD features, clarity!
Size, Color, Outer LCD, voice dial, Phonebook, Reception, service plans!
Size,Reception,"Hot keys",Features
Small, good call clarity, useful outside mini display
Great reception
Feature rich, good reception, stylish
Small, durable, many features
Speech clarity. Great display. Excellent backlight. Voice dialing. Connectivity.
Small&#13;&#10;Nice display
small size
Compact, external LCD
Small, belt wearable, good reception, good software, vibrate mode, 'outside' led.
Elegant design, large keys for a small phone, inexpensive compared to comparable models
Outer LCD display, comfortable design, compact, Tri-Mode, voice dialing
Great little phone with many more features then other phones with verizon.
Sharp compact tri-mode phone loaded with goodies.
Size; Sound quality; External caller ID display; Trimode; Appearance
size,clarity,outer lcd,text messaging,vibrate mode,price
Speech clarity.  Great display.  Excellent backlight.  Voice dialing.  Connectivity.
Size, quality, sound
Size, price, voice dialing
Outside display, large inner display, sleek, tri-mode
Voice dialing, answering machine, scheduler, small, email send/receive, highly viewable day&night, tri-mode, good clarity
Excellent reception, Back lit LCD display, Vibration mode
Compact, outer LCD and clear display, records voice memos.
External Caller ID, Voice Dialing, Manner Mode
Small, fits anyway, easy to hear, outer LCD screen, lots of options
Small size, great features, good quality
Compact, Durable for the size, great reception.
Small. Outer LCD screen.  Voice recognition. Large inside LCD Screen. Sturdy
Small size, flip design, voice-activated dialing
small, caller ID on outside of phone, tri-mode
very small
Ultra-compact, loads of cool features
external LCD screen,199 phone book space
Small, yet very sturdy; Great feel to the buttons; awesome voice dialing
Very small, lots of feautures, external display of caller ID
very nice looking
Good signal strength, voice activation, small size.
build quality, size, voice dialing
sturdy, good audio quality
good size, excellent reception, voice dialing
Size, clamshell design, holster
good options, small, great battery life
Small, compact, easy to carry, and a nice looking phone.
Great signal strength, great help, easy to use menu, fun rings, fun flip, voice dialing.
Small, great reception, outer ID screen, variable vibrate alert &#13;&#10;
Small, 5 text lines for web, well-built, inexpensive, full-featured, decent battery life, great value.
The next generation, all the features, good price
Sturdy and Full-featured
2 Way SMS, size, voice dialing, calendar, calculator -- many many pros
It look cute and is small enough to fit in my purse.
Front LCD Panel, "hand feel", Large screen display
LCD in the front&#13;&#10;Very small &#13;&#10;Many features
Loaded with features at less cost than Motorola
Size, great reception, looks, outside LCD screen, blue inside LCD screen, vibrate alert
Good phone when it not broken.
First really classy Verizon Phone, great size, voice activated dialing, vibrate and ring options
Small, I like that
Slim, compact, outside display
Flip style, voice activation
Size, Price, Battery Life, Style
small size, external LCD w/caller ID, two way SMS, voice dialing, sturdy
Size, portability, external caller ID, phone book size, voice dialing a plus, call clarity.
Small, Sleek, Features, Display, Outside Case Caller ID, Awesome Reception
Lots of Features, Dual LCD Display, Size, Styling, Tri-Mode, Voice Dialing
Outside display, small, voice dialing, nice blue backlight, good menu
Lightweight and compact
small size, silver coloring, easy to use interface, excellent battery life and short charge times
small, compact, pretty, durable, soft buttons
COMPACT, LIGHTWEIGHT, STRONG SIGNAL STRENGTH, VOICE ACTIVATED DIALING
Stylish, Reasonable Amount of Features, Melody Composer, One Touch Internet, Light, Great Quality, Computer Connection
Large display; decent battery life; works on GPRS data networks; downloadable ring tones.
Clear sound, long battery life, simple to use, small size
Small, durable, easy to customize, easy to operate
small, great reception, SPEAKERPHONE!
Very small & light, easy to read keys, excellent reception, speakerphone
Small, speakerphone neat, nice ringtones, good reception
Small footprint, built-in speakerphone, GPRS, polyphonic ringtones, easy-to-see screen, Java, long battery life
Lightweight, portable, clear sound
Compact size, speaker phone.
small, light, amber screen
small, easy to use
Small Size, Cool Design.
Great small size, easy to use.
Ease of use, unbelievably lightweight, voice commands that work, superb reception.
Better screen, better speakerphone, better battery, voice memo
Small, Stylish, Cost, Large Phonebook, Feature-packed, Trusted Brand
Lightweight, long battery life, excellent signal strength
Beautiful appearance,convenience of short message, light weight,desirable rings and not expensive price
Light weight, great signal quality, awesome ring tones, headset connector, PC connectivity, speakerphone
Tri-mode, normal rings
Very lightweight, Kewl Features, Excellent Phone... All Outweigh the Cons&#13;&#10;
Lightweight, solid, large phonebook, voice activation, small size, neat features (see review)
some nice extra features, excellent reception, phonebook organized well, voice memo
An acutal ring sound, decent display, small/lightweight, good amount of features.
Size & Weight, Battery Life, cool features
see http://www.epinions.com/content_48058371716&#13;&#10;
Small, lightweight, lots of features
stylish, nice features, easy to read screen, custom settings
One of the lightest phones on the market today. Packed with features. including voice command.
nice battery life, sleek, light
thin, light, good sound, good reception, speakerphone, fairly well made.
stylish and light, easy to use, full range of personalization
Awsome signal, exceptional battery life, light weight, small, & fun fun fun
Many features, easy to use, stylish
Multi color display, feature packed, small, light, sleek, signal excellent
Good signal, lightweight
Tiny, many extras, hands free built in
Sleek, light, vibration etc.
Size, weight, options
low cost, slim size, works better than all other phones i had
light weight, small size, speaker phone, large phonebook, sound quality is good, very durable
small, light, built in speaker phone
Super light-weight. Super customisable rings. Many backlight colours. Speakerphone built-in. Vibrating mode.
Small and lightweight, descent amount of options, large phonebook, reliable
Extremely lightweight, cute and ALWAYS has a signal!
lightweight, durable, great sound and ringtones, speakerphone is nice feature, as well
HEADACHE GIVER!
Size, weight, good choice of ring tones, durable, and memo feature is also very useful.
Lightweight, nice phonebook, background images, speakerphone
Impressive color display. Attractive case. 8MB of memory. Good phone features.
More Palm than Phone, Color screen, ergonomically designed. Very Cool
It's a color Palm! Crisp clear, lots of features.
Converges phone and PDA - no more carrying two devices, speakerphone, excellent sound quality.
All in one device, 2 batteries, color screen, good browser, Palm software.
1 Device for everything
Excellent merging of 2 technologies into one cool product.
VERY high on the "cool!" scale; combo PDA actually works; constructed well.
Palm Pilot and phone in one unit,
Small - lightweight as the m505. Well-thought through design and functionality.  Worth every penny.
Legible screen, large touch pad with full function Palm OS, and high quality digital phone.
Great reception - great color
Cheap!  Nice deskstand!
All in one device, Dial from address book, Apps and Games on the go
Best phone/PDA you could ask for - it's the best technology can offer!
All-in-1, thin, great speakerphone, 8 MB and color, OS 3.5.1
One less item to carry; it's a topic of conversation.
Combines Palm and cell phone devices well.  Easy to use, comes with two batteries
Tri-mode cell phone, color Palm Pilot, web & email in a small package, Outlook synchronization
Light, good reception, nice implementation of the Palm OS and cell phone
True Multi-tasking marvel. Durable when dropped.  Good display visibility/clarity.  Compact & Convenient.  Keylock minimizes errors.
Tight integration between Palm and phone
Great execution and usability.  Stylish.
All in one solution * &#13;&#10;Impress your friends!
Excellent reception, great Palm OS PDA, Great convergence of a phone & PDA
A nice integrated phone and palm device with many cool features.
all-in-one device, size, color screen
Combines color palm & cell phone, full web browsing and email access
Palm in cell phone in one!
Your world at your fingertips;Dial from Address book;Voice dial;PDA while on speakerphone
Compact, stylish, well contructed phone.  Long Battery Life
Finally!  A successful marriage of a Palm and Cell Phone.
Well-designed, easy to navigate, good reception, full implementation of Palm OS.
Compact as a palm, well priced, good sound quality
analog/digital, comes with second batter, cradle, case
none
Small (relatively), sleek, lightweight -- a real eye turner
Palm / Phone, Speakerphone, Lots of software available
Touch screen,  web browsing,  caller id, program options.
Great combination of a cell phone, mobile internet browser and full-featured PDA.
Low price, great combination of PDA and phone.
Nice build and design. Great call log,email client. Fantastic call quality
PDA functionality, tons of features
Numerous features, excellent manual
Bells and whistles galore, easy to use, quality product, convenient
Camera, internal memory, easy to use, good replacement for my PDA
Least expensive Bluetooth equipped phone. Speakerphone great.  Camera good enough for email.
Great phone, easy to use, takes great pictures.
Size, weight, ease of use, features (hands-free, etc.)
Price, Quality and Ability
Great Size/Great Storage
Small, light, long battery life.
Small, light weight, lots of features.
small, games, great battery life
Small size for a non folding phone, good battery life, intuitive O/S.
Features, Ease of Use
Small size, easy to use, very good sound quality transmitting and receiving, can send and receive Email
Solidly built, functional phone, with some nice features.
Cheap, Lots of Features
Great Sound Quality; Tons of Features; Compact; Easy to Use; Reliable
Easy to use, unbreakable, good looks, light, nice features, plenty of accessories available
Nice design, all the basic features included, clear sound
Compact, Customizable, Cheap if you know where to look
Highly customizable, from physical appearance to ring tones, long standby time; Very, very sturdy.
convenience, affordable
Inexpensive (free with service), user friendly, comfortable to use.
Small, easy to personalize, secure
Small size
It was free; lots of ring tones; games and other cool features
Durable, light and easy to use.
phonebook, ringing options, on-screen displays
so easy and intuitive to use
cheap (free), ease of use
It's clear, no roaming charges, &amp; lots of accessories
Light Weight, Inexpensive, Games
VERY low price
It's easy to carry around, doesn't need to be charged for days, and most importantly makes you look cool
Functionality, durable, low cost, easy to use
solid construction
Plenty of accessories and face covers, nice menu system, durable
very discrete, durable, cheap
It came free with the service
customizable, Portable, durable
Great features, lightweight
Stylish, able to customize to your taste, reception, Nokia quality.
Compact, lightweight, many features
Price, Features, Size, Compatibility, Durability, Customizable.
Good Basic Phone, GSM, SMS
Small, easy to use, lot's of colors!
small, reliable and you can change colors to fit any mood!
Easy to use, reliable, durable, fairly cheap
Excellent ease of use, visible, tactile keypad, simple menu structure
Small size, phenomenal standby time, PIN feature
Lightweight, personalizable
Many good features, and customizable appearance
technically, a free phone
great options
It's great for emergency and traveling purposes. It's cute looking and the reception is clear most of the time.
Looks, display, battery, microphone, features
5190
Everything about it
cool gadgets and good reliability
Cheap(in price) reliable
1. Easy to use 2.lots of tones 3.Large variety of face plates
Free with 1 year contract with Cingular Wireless
Great tone!
Cool changeable covers
interchangeable faces to match decor
affordable, practical, ease of use, easy to customize
Compact, clear sound, easy to use
small, many fine features available with great plans
Cool switchable covers
features, works on low signal
fun and functional
Simple, easy to use
Lots of features
looks, features, calling card, quick dial
you can always make it look different
This phone has about 30 different ringing noises, options, and you can change the look.
Small, reliable, long battery life
Plentiful features, long battery life, simple operation
Compact size, universal parts availability, price, interchangeability of faceplates/batteries, SMS and email compatible
I do like the GUI interface
easy to handle, lighted buttons
Easy to use, clear sound, dependale, high quality
customizable, durable
Everything you NEED
Excellent value & only weighs 6 ozs.
Changable Colors, Text Messaging, Sound Quality
battery life, full of features
Great connection.
Not a bad size, colorful face plates, multiple rings
small, lightweight, easy to use, XPress-on color covers
Very easy to use
Many features, smart sim card, price
Lots of accessories, plenty of features, easy to use
Good size (not too big or little!), good options!
Looks good. Holds a battery charge well. Interchangeable face plate.
some nice features
Fairly Small, Lots of ring options, alarm clock, and caller ID
Cheap
Light weight, Loaded with features, One touch dialing, Long battery life
Price (Free), Sound quality, Features
Simple Design, Easy Use
Interchangable front and back covers. Long Battery life, Games.
Easy to Use
Personalized Ringtones, Battery life, Durable.
Easy to Use
great design, user-friendly
Free (with service activation), cheap accessories available online
Great Battery Life, superior accessories, good price
Long lasting/durable
Great Options and Price
nokia is smaller
Many neat accessories that are easy to find and many neat features.
Light, small, descent features, colorful
Small, easy to use
Ruggedness, size, clarity,
Navi Key, interchageable faces, large screen
good size, easy to use
Ease of use and small size
Although an oldie but very reliable.
Big easy to operate buttons
cheap
Small, great looking phone
Nice size, can change colors, antenna, and key pad lights
Easy to use
Not a bad size, colorful face plates, multiple rings
Easy to use
Good RF Performance.
Small size, good signal reception, stylish, easy to read screen, more
Small, still cool-looking, sturdy, OK interface (apparently Motos used to stink)
Small Size, Real Metal Cover, Style, No Chrome Cover, Battery Life, Custom Menu
Easy to use and clear reception
Small, dual displays, good feature set, metal case, worldwide compatibility.
world phone, fits in my pocket, ok reception, sleek aluminum casing, free
Coloured faceplates,size,overall feel,battery life.
SOLID AS A ROCK, DROPPED OVER 30 TIMES, STILL WORKS PERFECTLY
Sleek Design, Metal case, Clear sound quality, World traveler.
Good Reception, Clamshell,  Full size keys, easy to read screen.
Great reception, lightweight, durable clamshell
Good menus, price, solid reception
Good quality construction, good reception and compatibility with my old v120c accessories.
Nice. Pretty screen with large numbers. Small.
Looks awesome, small, light.
Great Clarity, Phone numbers easy to access, Nice voice command
Features, size, speakerphone
Features, Size, More Features
Great design, good size, speakerphone feature works great
Small, durable, user-friendly, sleek, customizable
Size, battery, features, FEATURES, tons of capabilities
Smaller than any other nextel, Gets same signal for its size.
Size, Features, Durable, Speakerphone, Java enabled, Mixed Vibrate/Ring Mode
Sturdy, easy to use, speakerphone, sturdy, sturdy, sturdy
Direct connect, internet capable, download games, voice recording, etc
Speakerphone, sound quality, nice size/form factor
The phone is small and sleek, has great reception and great features.
Great Service, Excellent Features, Small size,Leaves Very Little to be Desired
Great look, easy use, easy 2way acess, large lcd.
Sturdy, dependable, decent battery life
Good size, great looks, lots of features, java apps
The phone is small and sleek with big performance.
voice activiated, blue backlight, voicenotes, durable, all around good
Great looks, great speakerphone, great Direct Connect, and much more
Speakerphone,lots of features for a small phone
compact, lightweight, features
Small design, easy navigation, excellent clarity
durable, lots of features, size, speaker phone, voice dialing
Small, easy to read, text messaging, great silent mode, usually static free
compact reliable
Two-way feature, slick look, durable.
I'd probably have to sum it up to QUALITY, QUALITY, QUALITY!
Small, Good Beltclip, Good Service, WALKIE-TALKIE, BLue lights and Hott Customablity
Durable, classy, good phone
Nice Size, Tons of Cool advace features.
Strong, durable , looks good, can't wear it out...
Great Service, durable phone
Phone
I love everything about it except I wish I could download real songs not midis.
Very classy look and feel, tons of useful features, easy to navigate
Lightweight, Sturdy, Great Options
features, price, size
good design, easy to use
The size, flip-up, super packed features are enough to make your mouth water
Joystick makes going through menus a blast.  Has meny PDA features.
Great reception; great sound quality; packed with features; really a powerhouse little phone
Contacts, Calendar, Reliability, Volume Control & Clarity
small, great reception, easy to use, fast charge
Large screen, one-touch volume control, joystick
Great size even for big hands. flip design. stong battery. joystick navigation
It's blue. Well, mine was, at least.
Stylish; large display; joystick navigation; built-in voice dialing; and MORE!
Easy joystick navigation, sleek casing, well-designed features
Stylish, sturdy, and an improvement over its predecessor.
Big improvements made over previous models
Simple interface for common tasks, good battery life and signal acquisition
Price, "phone-yness", improved design - the Flip part is sturdier.&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
Great size, color, features, somewhat easy to navigate
Comfort, Call clarity, Good design
Metal flip, slightly smaller than 3500, sounds better, bigger phone book
Durability, size, style and screen.
Small and stylish
Price, looks, clarity, features!
small, light, flip-phone, neat features
Little Joystick is Convenient, Calender, Appointment Setter, Easy to Use, Voice Dialer, Long Battery Life
Great Phone, vibrate, voice dial are my favorite features.  Great price with rebates.
Very durable. Clearly lit screen and lots of features.
Looks good
Good sound quality, easy to use interface. Easy on batteries.
Size, Clarity, Value of the phone now that it is an "older" model
BEST cellular phone I've owned.  Takes a beating and continues to perform.
Coverage all over the planet.&#13;&#10;Very long battery life.
One phone (GSP 1600) two phone numbers at your convenience.
Style, Functionality, Quality, Voice Recognition Dialing
Battery Life, Wireless Web, Looks
Looks great and sounds great.
Excellent features, very durable, good clarity
Great sound quality, both Mic and speaker, excellent call screening
Small, not too small, voice dialing
lots of features, totally hands-free capabilities
light, sleek, voice dialing!  Makes Kirks communicator look like a pay phone.
well built, solid, flip style
Mini-browser capability, easy to use, light-weight, and great voice-activated dial-up accuracy!
Fun functional features that will survive the rapidly changing technology.
Voice dialing, voice recording, sturdy
Outstanding features and updated technology make this phone a great choice
Good quality, great features, comfortable to use
great features, stand-by and talk time is outstanding
Very small and easy to hold while talking, includes belt holster, nice charger
Looks cool, Great Display, Very Compact, Good reception.
Compact, incredibly feature-filled, great sound . . . toss the land line phone!!
Small size, solid build, voice dialing, external display
Compact, easy of use, sharp looks, durable
Flip-phone style, ease of use
LCD on the front and Voice Command
Features, Reliability, Value, Track Record
Size, features, clarity.
extremely compact; Web-enabled; can set rings; voice activated; durable; standard jacks
Light, small, very sturdy, decent voice-dial, good reception.
Indiglo backlight display, 2 screens, size, memory, voice recognition
Speech clarity. Great display. Excellent backlight. Voice dialing. Connectivity
Small size
size and form factor
size, easy to open with one hand
very small, Good reception, Clear sound.
Lots of great features
Smaller phone with all the features
Size, Well back lit, ability to use data kit.
It was small
External called ID, compact, extremely durable, great reception
Trimode, still competitive with its ahead-of-its time battery life, size & weight
Lightweight and easy to carry; digital; attractive and stylish design.
Small, lightweight, sturdy, good reception and cool looking
Great size and lightweight; durable phone!
Better looking than a Nokia
Clear reception; no unexpected disconnects; features
Very small and compact.
Voice activated dialing, many extra features, long battery life, small size
Compact size and weight, user-friendly, good performance/reception
small, slim, high-end features, customizeable, sturdy, easy-to-read display, price
Ergonomically and aesthetically pleasing, more features than Ben & Jerry's flavors
Feature rich, long battery life, stylish, light weight
Sleek, Multiple rings, Good battery life
sleek design, can be completely personalized, great price
Good battery life, most needed features, improved interface for Motorola, programmable shortcuts
Small, lightweight, but sturdy.  Price.
Good design, durability, signal quality and lots of features for a low price.&#13;&#10;
Size, features
price/feature, voice dialing, trimode
Same features as the V60c at a fraction of the cost
Small, MANY Features, Awesome style, Great feel, Good selection of ringtones, Vibrate, Customizable
Compact size, light-weight, many features, battery life, Two way text messaging.
Small, voice activated dialing, voice memos, looks good, features, battery life
Voice activated dialing. Good battery life. Cool blue backlight. Great price.
Light, sleek, beautifully structured, long battery life, easy to personalize.
Small, great reception, great battery life
Inexpensive, Great value.
Tons of features, sleek, light-weight, good quality
good size, voice dialing, strong signal, vibrates, Huge phonebook.
Hmmm...it makes a great doorstop? Oh, I know...It fits in your pocket.
Inexpensive, plenty of features for the money, good sound quality.
It was free.  Small, lightweight, good ring tone.
Battery life, voice dialing, stores lots of numbers
Extremely durable, very long battery life, lasts for years.
Cheap, Basic, OK Starter Phone
Size, style, durability, OS, sound, reception.
Price, menu interface, looks, style, general features, MOTOROLA name, signal, many more.
cheap, battery life long, lots of toys
Good size  and battery life easy to use&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;full featured
Size, Features, Sound Quality, Battery Life, Reception, Voice Dial, Menu
All the features of a $100 cell phone for just $25
Great size, shape and features, especially voice notes
Lightweight, Relatively small, Good reception
Size, weight, features, ease of use, useful buttons around the top of the phone
Small, many features, voice-activation
Small enough to fit in your pocket. Vibration alert.Good display.
Lots of decent features, great battery life, seems well made
Voice activated dialing, Small size.
Nice price, great phone book, good voice memo recorder, feature rich
Lightweight, stylish, detachable faceplate, easy to read menus
Detailed timers/logging for all calls, size, user interface, battery life.
Ergonomics; Voice-activated dialing; battery life; appearance
sleek, perfect size, tons of features, voice activation, internet-ready, great value, great battery life
Lots of features, easy to use, fits comfortably in hand, fast connection
inexpensive for its size, cute design,very durable
Great features and specifications for price.
Compact Size, Many Features, Customizeable Covers, Low Cost
Cool phone. Has LOTS and LOTS of features. Excellent user interface, battery life.
aesthetically pleasing, voice-activated, side scroll buttons are easy to use
small, light, long battery life.
Compact size,fabulous battery life,clear sound..especially from calls received
sleek design, features
Lightweight, good features
Long Battery Life, Great Clarity, Easy use of features, Voice Dial
Voice identification, 32 styles of rings, and EVERYTHING else about it.
Long battery life, size.
pretty
same features as v60c but 1/5 the price, voice-calling, 2-way text messaging, good battery
It is a cute phone with great ring styles.
Voice recording is great.
lots of features, lightweight, clear
voice recognition,size,clarity,large display,large phone-book capacity,recessed on/off button,easy to store numbers,32 different rings,lightweight
At least it didn't explode
Excellent features, excellent battery life!!!, durability, ease of use
Excellent for college! Perfect size, durability, phonebook w/voice identification, PRICE, overall quality.
Blackjack game
It was free.  Good talk time.
cheap. voice dialing
Great signal strength and good battery life. Accessories cheap.
Tri-Mode
cheap(not worth it), small(falls out of pocket easily), popular(too popular now)
Excellent Screen, Great Price, Compact and Stylish (both color and shape)
- Good Standby time
very clear, easy to use, nice size
Sleek look, buttons easy to press
Battery life,Great reception excellent signal strenght,Game,Caller ID,Call Waiting, and Voice Mail!
Cute design, price.
Cheap, compact, many features, large phonebook, excellent battery life
Small, sleek, easy to use and voice-activated dialing.
The only good thing about this phone is battery life..its really good
Size, powerful features
good reception and sound quality
None
recessed on/off, clear sound, voice dial, easy buttons & menus
Amazing Features, Great Battery, Voice recorder, great sounding easy to use phone!
Easy to Use, Unbeatable Clarity
Lightweight, easy to use, plenty of flexability in software (organize menu...etc)
Great Reception, small and sleek
Good battery life & features
Battery life, UI, features, price
Decent battery life.
Decent reception and battery life. Durable.
Inexpensive phone with some features. Refer a friend and get 100 Free Minutes.
Durable-dropped it at least 23 times and still kicking, small
It does have a loud ringer.
Feature rich, small enough to fit in a pocket; can be used internationally.
bluetooth, voice dialing, color screen, camera
Great background noise cancellation feature, solid build, comeback of normal ringers
Good Quad band world phone. Bluetooth, Camera, great connectivity. Must have for a Geek/Gadget Freak.
Cool look, Bluetooth, global phone
Looks, style, feature packed, quad band, changeable faceplates, bluetooth
Sound clarity, list of features, sturdy, well built, nice design
Appearance
Looks, features, nice screen, replaceable parts
Attractive, has most features that one expects and more, unique, will satisfy a Motorola fan
Price, Many Features, Bluetooth, Speaker Phone, good picture quality
Easy to use
Sleekness, Color Screen, Camera, Internet Enabled, Bluetooth Technology
Numerous features, size, and weight
chic construction, mp3 ringtones, great screen, beautiful earpiece sound
*Sleek design
Bluetooth, good phone performance.
Looks Good
Bluetooth, Bluetooth, Bluetooth! Appearance and build quality. Voice dial.
stylish, has a camera, bluetooth enabled
Great form factor, tri-mode, easy-to-use menus, plays MP3s, decent photo quality.
Looks, Camera
Clamshell design is nice, good speaker phone, compact.
Bluetooth, good picture, lotsa features
This phone is stylish, compact, has a great external speaker
Durable flip phone which is easy to use.
Works great when outside.
Looks Sleek, Voice Dialing, Speaker Phone, Camera, Video Clips, Voice Memo
MP3 ringtones.  Java games.  Flashy lights.
The keypad works most of the time...Not all the time but most
Stay away from this trash
It look nice and small enough to carry around in pocket but has poor functionality.
Camera, bluetooth, can view video clips, melodic ringtones, voice recording.
Video Clip playback, Color, Camera, Java Support
quad band, good call performance, bluetooth, clam, motorola navigation philosophy
Good display & camera.Good Looks.
Bluetooth
There are absolutely no redeeming features about this phone.
Bluetooth! , solid design, Great color display, cool ring lights, MP3 ringers
Camera Quality, Mp3 Ringtones, Solid build, Good screen quality
Sharp color display, Excellent Sound, WorldPhone, useful Organizer, Great Camera, simple menus, Bluetooth, Stylish.
MP3 ringtones, clarity of calls, java games, synchronizing of Outlook, solid construction (not easily broken!)
Great earpiece volume
100% excellent cellular phone, computer sync
Small, sleek, has all the basic features, works nicely, user friendly
Think of it as a Nokia 8260 on a party custume. Great reception.
Small and Lightweight, Great Clarity and Sound, Excellent backlight.
Size, Weight, White Backlight, signal
It's a Nokia.  Small Size.  Bright backlight.  Easy Nokia interface.
Small Size, Great back light, cool features, ease of use, clarity
Mobile text messaging, Internet browser.
Light weight; fits in palm the palm of your hand; colorful cases; white screen
Small, lightweight.
Changeable faceplates, lightweight, custom callergroups and ringtones, excellent reception!
sleek looking phone, easy interface, easy to get attached to
Like the 8260 but with better call quality
Ultra-sleek, mega-features, user-friendly
Powerful storage of short messages, interesting games, smart clock alarm, excellent battery
Size, changeable faceplates, bright display.
Intuitive Nokia interface; great screen; easy to use
Slim, small, light, practical, fit in any pocket without you noticing it.
Well lit screen, amazingly loud and clear reception, selection of ringers, easy to use interface
Small, long battery life, stylish
Small, compact, easy to use, ohh and the white lights, they rock...
Compact, Price and Options
Nice colors, compact and very easy to use.
Lithium Ion Battery, Contact Manager, Handy Tools.
Exceptional clarity, great features, lightweight, changeable faceplates
Excellent battery life as well as good reception and clarity.
Lightweight, Clear Calls, Changeable faceplates, great features.
Dual band, easy to use
A multitude of features, interchangeable colorful face plate options, Dual Band & Great Price
Small, light, tons of features, sounds great
really small
small, enough features &#13;&#10;
Excellent sound quality, good battery life, very durable.
Simple to use design, durable, reliable, clear calls, cheap!
Price, ease of use
Great Reception, anywhere.
Small,easy to use,changeable face plates,wireless web,200 contacts memory
super low price, light weight,
Inexpensive, lightweight, long battery time, ability to change face plates
Cheap, voice quality, batter life, features
Inexpensive, Well rounded, Good Battery Life
Easy Menu system, standard vibrator ring, customizable face plates
attractive detatchable face plates, clear calls, compact size, nice price
Battery life, many faceplates, good vibrate function
Great features, Excellent Voice Clarity, fashoniable, and light.
Good reception, good battery life.
Clarity is exceptional. Lots of unexpected features.
Tri-mode capability (With Verizon).  Crisp, high resolution screen.  Great bells and whistles.
Definetly worthwhile for the price
It's size is nice.  It is easy to use for the most part.
Size, Reception, Large Icons, Button Size
Agreat lightweight phone
Compact, but not teeny. easy-to-read display.
WEB CAPABILITY,TIP FIGURING, CALCULATOR
Easy to read screen, can change face plates
Clear signal, light weight and reasonably small
None that I can see.
loyal:great reception, incredible resistance to heavy blows, a conversation piece
colorful features, extra large font, alarm/w/timer and email feature.
Digital Camera, Sprint Quality Service, Sanyo Quality Product
I liked the fact that it was a camera phone...
Looks, Cool little features, size, camera
Size, weight, color screen, features, and ringers
Good reception, Neat features, OK Camera, Long Battery Life
Good battery life, good connection.
it does what it was made to do: call and get calls
Size, monochrome LCD screen, ease of use, durability, reception
Under $200, Great Reception, No display to crack, No antenna to break or bend
Free
Gee, a horrendous bill, a lousy phone, and it's my fault? You tell me.
Lightweight, attractive silver flip-style, durable, simple.
A simple phone i nicknamed "The Tank". Inexpensive and Extremely intuitive
inexpensive, easy to use, compact.
Small, cheap.
Compact size, easy to work around, alarm feature. NO CAMERA! Very durable...just ask the concrete!
Easy to use, Un-cluttered by "extras", Good value.
small size, inexpensive
Easy to use; light weight; battery life; easy to read display
Simplicity.  Compact and nice for the pocket.
Fairly small, easy to use, color faceplates, belt clip, upgrade features, wireless web
Lots of Features, easy to use, great way to keep in touch
Feature-packed for the money, web enabled, handy size, good sound quality
Sturdy, Effective, Reasonable Display
Durable, changeable faceplates
Solid, sturdy. Non-color screen is visible in bright daylight, color screens aren't!
"Cute," esp. for a Nextel, custom faceplates, headset jack, it's a Nextel!
Not to expensive, has worked pretty much flawlessly
Lightweight, web-enabled, clarity, blt-in speakerphone, inexpensive
Stylish, good performance, feature rich, tri-mode
Price. Features.
Speakerphone, lower price, voice dialing
Lightweight, very clear voice quality, decent feature set.
Great Voice Dialing, 2-way speaker phone excellent, affordable, slim & lightweight, nice size screen, Features+
SMS text messageing small, and looks cool
durable, really easy to use
Great Battery
Tri band, cheap, good size
Cheap.  Speaker phone that works good.  GPS for 911 to locate you if needed.
Small, stylish, excellent signal reception, attention getter, light, customizable
The most stylish phone you can get that isn't a Vertu.
Sexy looking, good reception, small and stylish
clever swivelblade design, elegant design, modifiable interface, compatibility with PC/PDA/laptops
THE most unique and stylish mobile phone on the market; small and lightweight.
Small, Light, Stylish, backlight
Stylish Looks, Interchangeable bezels & casing, reverse black/blue lit screen, rotating flip design, lightweight
New World standard for small size, very cool design, great reception.
Light weight, "cool factor", easy user interface, sound quality
New 360 swivel, stylish and adequate in any lighting
Great OS, gorgeous styling--gets looks everywhere, the price (finally)
Stylish, hot collectors item, SMALL
Stylish, cool, blue backlight, good battery time, great sound/speaker combo
 games
Very stylish
Lightweight, Good Screen, Good-Looking, Excellent Reception, Nice Design.
Sleek Design, GPRS
Excellent reception, Small, sleek
Stylish, small and compact, customizable
Nice toy for the looks.
Style, Small, just one word, "KEWL"
Trendy, beat-me-if-you-can kinda model, easy to use, elegant, light-lit key pad.
Ultra Small Light Stylish Durable well designed - Excellent Feature Set
Attractive, light, long battery life
Stylish, lightweight, Durable, SMALL, Feature-packed, 3G-Voice Capable, Multi-Chord Ringers!
Super-light and thin, cool ringers, big screen, great signal quality
Very light-weight, super-slim, high-resolution display, 3G compatible.
A sleek, tiny little phone packed full of extras.
Slim, Eye-Catching, Great Price and Durable
Stylish, SLIM, classy looking
Excellent sound quality, very thin and light, very stylish
size, weight, reception
lightest cell phone ever had
Thin, lightwieght, stylish, and many great features
Lightweight, Trendy, Great Talk Time, Durable, Soft Keypad
Size, Size, ans Size.
Good value for unit cost.
Lightweight, good reception, lots of features
wireless web capable, download ringtones & graphics capable, voice activated dialing, customized profiles for environments
Great reception, tough, many features, very cheap
Excellent battery life, good features for entry phone.
Cheap, Polyphonic Ringtones and Java on an entry level phone
Reception, text message software, uses sim cards, battery life
Internet Access,
Lots of features, compact design.
Large display, large buttons, reception, frugal battery usage, full featured, durable case
Great talk time, Excellent reception.
great size, good hearing capabilities
Polyphonic ring tones, loads of talk time, way better than Motorola c331
no antana
Good RF Performance.
Cheap, friendly interface.
Stylish, a lot of features, reliable, user-friendly
Good reception, excellent sound, fast and user-friendly UI, good battery, world phone
good battery life, charges quickly
Color screen, awesome reception, small, good feature set
great Nokia UI, world phone, color screen, polyphonic ringtones, small size, nice design
great size, speakerphone, silver look, color screen
Light but sturdy, loud ringer, Ab-Fab reception
Good reception, speakerphone, FM radio, familiar user interface, vibrate with ringtone, java.
Functionally superior, visually understated, great battery, great features. Reasonable price.
Good colour screen, Easy, Good polyphonics, Good range of features,
Speaker Phone, Color Screen, Size, Signal Strength
Strong signal, many ringtones, can download own pictures and create ringtones into phone
As stated above, the phone has many PROS.
Visually very nice. Excellent PC Suite integration. True business tool.
Convenient size. Loud speakerphone. Nice keypad. Color screen.
Nice color screen and good features
Size, looks, FM-radio capability, battery life, game options
Elegance appearance with a slim and graceful figure; strong function positioning, and abundant personal designing.
speaker phone, beautiful color screen, fm radio, polyphonic ring tones, java, wap, infrared
Small size, bigger buttons, long battery life
Size, battery life, reception, useful extras.
excellent reception-never drops a call,easy to carry and cofortable keypad.
Looks, audio clarity, battery duration, handsfree/radio, suits my requirements.
Small size, user friendly, better reception, ring tones
Clear, easy to use, fun, and colorful
tri-band, good speaker phone, great battery life, nice keys, pleasing sound, bright color screen
Small, Lightweight, Great Reception, Clear Speakerphone
Color screen, loudspeaker, IrDA, lightweight, stylish, polyphonic.
Good reception. Good battery life . Nice design.
Size, Reception, Speakerphone, Battery life
color, games, good sound quality, lightweight.
Solid construction, color screen, flat profile, tons of available software.  Fantastic Outlook sync. Speakerphone!
PDA, Phone, MP3 player, all in one, and each works well
Many features, battery life, not too big, lots of add-ons, stylish, syncing to PC
The screen is big enough for aging eyes to see.  Only one gadget to carry
Nothing it did not work
Most feature-packed and aesthetically-pleasing phone for lowest price, with great call clarity.
many well-integrated features, voice dialing, phonebook, email etc
Professional Appearance; Trimode CDMA; Web Access; Voice-activated Dialing; PIM
Awesome screen, stylish, good reception, loud ringer, strong vibrate, wireless web
Feature-rich for the price
looks; features; price; screen
Great features, easy to use, great look.
Stylish, Compact, Loaded with many features.
Sound Quality. Battery Life. Nice size and feel. Web Access. 2 way email.
solid built, good phonebook, sleek, nice reception, scheduler.
Tri-mode wide coverage, voice memos &dialing, low price, sharp resolution &design, light weight
Great build quality, unique call-screening feature, easy animated menu, sharp display & very customizable.
Great reception, small, well made. Good internet options.
Attractive appearance
size, battery life,  screen, reception
Large display, size
Good reception, nice and small, has a flip, easy to use, decent battery life
Easy to use!
Multi-functional, easy to use
Outstanding features, design, and performance. Excellent PDA. Sturdy construction. Complete detailed user guide.
Lightweight, nice backlight, time, date displays, auto redial.
Battery life, blue backlight, clarity.
GREAT durability, survived many falls, good battery life, voice dial
lightweight, good battery life, good clarity, stylish, easy to use, affordable
Great Battery Life, Low price, stores 500 contact numbers, customizable, tons of housing cases available
inexpensive, good battery life, good backlight, good reception
cool blue light
Light weight, durable, basic phone
Screen, Apps, Ease of Use
Intuitive, fantastic ergonomics, strong email support, good speakerphone, good browser, easy to read display.
Excellent phone. Wonderful features
very user friendly, right price for the service. good for young people
Great web browsing!Decent internet speed depending on where u are.Overall AMAZING PDA!
Web Browsing, easy texting and emailing.
All in one, like taking your PC with you wherever you go.
Great Device
the communication works
Packed with features, web access is convenient
Lightweight, lots of features, clam shell style with color.
Sleek, stylish.  Screen has awesome visibility. Small stature.
small, sleek design; long battery life; excellent reception; loads of goodies
Cool phone with laptop connectivity kit
Nice color display.  Very lightweight.  Features, features, and more features.
Small, very clear voice quality, comfortable to use, nice display, very stylish.
Lightweight, small footprint, extended features
LONG list of features, sleek design, compact size, clarity of reception, fantastic color screen
Small, light weight design and a colorful display.
Color Screen
Very Stylish, Great Screen, Great Reception
Nice compact design. Great sound quality.
easy installation, works first time
Good Reception, multi-color, integrates 100% with my car
GREAT sound quality, easy phonebook, love the display!
Lightweight, strong reception, clarity, compact, easy to see display
Weight, Style, Display
Excellent 3 color display, easy to use, small, and light.
GREAT sound, GREAT Display, GREAT battery Life, and it's Tri-Mode.
Light weight, nice belt clip, clear display, excellent battery.
Display, ruggedness
Screen, Appearance, Battery Life, Quality, Ergonomics, Recption, Layout, Ease of Use
Screen, price, size, phone color, quality
Looks great, Provides Great service, Thin, awesome display!
Comfortable and small, nice positioning of earpiece and mike.
Small size, color screen, very good battery life and reception.
Size, flip feature
great display, great features, durable (so far), with good battery life
Nice looking, good features
A crystal clear display, fool-proof.&#13;&#10;
Excellent visual display, keyboard and receiver. Good choice for elderly or handicapped.
The "Oooh" Factor.  Small size.  Belt clip.
Trippy tir-color display, small and light, excellent sound quality
Lightweight, readable display, vibrating
Lightweight, eye-catching display, great signal strength.
Small, nice design, long battery life, features
Vibrant color screen, tri mode, and 150% improvement!
clarity, rather quick charge and display
Organic Color Display, Style, Ease of use
The color display!
It's sleek and light weight
Nice looking phone with an easily readable screen.
good looking, light weight
Nice Looking
Solid Motorola Design. Great Features. Excellent Reception with a reliable provider.
Light-weight, advanced features
Reception. Battery Life. Easy to read display. Sync with PC software. Durability.
Functionality, design, quality, business use
Outstanding RF performance and sound quality. Motorola Quality. Neat OEL. display. Pimp'n sleek stylee!
small size,ease of use,clear reception,color screen,
Easy to use.
Size, design, Pop-Port, easy interface, FM radio
STYLE! Color, polyphonic tones, speakerphone, radio, headset
It's a colour phone,comes with fun games, and is easy to use
Quality radio, radical design, color screen, comfortable hold.
Light, Full-color screen, Feature-rich, Great design
Neat, fresh new design. Light and portable. Colour Screen.
Usability, Design, Colour Screen, Good Reception, Connectivity, Fun Features.
Color screen, tri-band operation, changeable faceplates, speakerphone
radio
Color screen, tri-band operation, changeable faceplates, speakerphone
4096 Colors, Triband, GPRS, MMS, SMS
Great loudspeaker function, trendy, 128x128 pixels screen resolution
Screen, Sound, FM Radio, Battery life, Easy to use, Price
Nice looks, plenty functions.
Style,size,Excellent list of multimedia options
Very stylish, great features & is the ideal fashion accessory!
Color screen, lightweight, styleish.
High style, color screen, FM radio, speakerphone, polyphonic ring tones
Interesting design, radio, good volume, Color Screen
color screen   downloadable games   chageable faceplate
I like everything on this phone it's light,  it's small.
Large enough so you can actually see and push the buttons
Inexpensive, feature-packed phone. Excellent battery life. Light-weight.
Great reception, rich with features, user-friendly,  ergonomic fit, web ready
Could be a nice for those new to cellular phones, good selection of features.
reliable, excellent ergonomic design, crammed with features, top talk and stanby time, email and more
Too many to list, but my fave is it's functionality.
So Many Features, Lightweight
Low cost, amazing features, totally configurable, and MUCH more.
Great price. Useful, abundant and well thought out features. Excellent voice quality.
good basic phone without a lot of useless features
PRICE,FEATURES AVAILABLE, SIZE,
Tons of great features, small size, light weight
Good size, easy operation, good options good battery life.
Easy to use, great features like text messaging
Ease of use, features, quality
Good user interface design; good ergonomics
Switchable face plates, vibrate/silent ringer, web-enabled, instant messenger, long battery life, key guard
Appearance is nice, great feel in the hand
Lots of helpful features. Super reception & easy to use.
Light small
Small, compact, great battery life, great reception
Phone has excellent reception and good features for the price
VERY easy to use. Just enough features. Good for a first cell phone.
Very easy to use and seems to have pretty good clarity.
Good size, great reception, easy to use menus
Everything you would expect from a cell phone.
Great sound, always clear, large window screen, easy to use
Tiny
inexpensive, lightweight, small and fairly convient
Light Weight, Menu, Color face plates
good interface, durable body, good accu, low price
nothing special
Slim, Many features, Easy to use, Long lasting battery
Lightweight, durable, attractive.  Easy to use.
Compact, Easy to Navigate Menus, Clarity, Reception, Phone Book
Ease of use, reception, phone book, camera, screen, price!
compact, lightweight, flip-phone with camera
Great reception, many features, color screen, camera, voice dialing
Great phone - Don't use Verizon
It looks pretty with flashing blue lights
Many useful and handy features.
call quality, battery, color screen, speakerphone
Small size, good battery life, big memory, packed with features
Great phone, very durable, intuitive menus, good ringer, and decent speakerphone
Flashing lights, customizable look, easy to use, durable, good reception
Good reception, battery life, screen, camera, features
stylish, large bright screen, camera quality.
Easy to use
Lots of stuff
Camera, ringtones, user-friendly
Triband, camera-phone
long battery life
Clear Digital Photos
Looks good and got a lot of fancy features and flashy looks.
Design, battery life seems good
(applicable from CDM 8600) Small form factor, easy to use
Analog/Digital Cell Phone with Camera, the Web and Games!
Nice looks, lots of features, camera/flash a big plus, nice ringers, easy to use.
camera, good shape, games, LCD screens, reception, double batteries
Sleek, Feature-rich, Stylish, Easy to use, extra battery
Size, ease of use, features to please most anyone
Lots of features, two 65k-displays, design and did I mention features?
Good camera with you at all times, great features
Great gimmicky phone that will get you some attention at public places.
Large Screen, Camera Features+Flash, Second Battery
Beautiful display, small form factor, solid construction
TFT Color Display, Solid Construction, Built in Camera w/flash, Ringers
Excellent reception, vivid color screens, solid feel in your hand,and a quality low-res camera.
Good construction, stylish, great color screen.
Camera + Phone!
Cute screen saver, Camera, Ringtones.
Reliable
Color, internet, ringtones, camera w/flash, charges fast, alarm/calendar, nifty novelties, clamshell design
Great features, easy to navagate, many options
Camera with 640x480 resolution
Integrated Camera, Call Screening, Dual Color Screens, Fastest Vision Phone I've Tested.
Signal reception
Great color and picture quality. extensive features. Sprint quality service. Camera. Internet. etc! Love it!
Sleek, lightweight, no need to bring a separate camera
built in camera, external color display, cool factor.
Great Reception,Large color Display , Camera and construction
great signal strength, good battery life beautiful screen
camera... only $30 w/ Sprint's special offer
Good Camera, Flash, Screen on the exterior of phone
All-in-one Phone-PDA combination
Very small, simple to use menu and almost never have to use stylus
pda power without excessive geekiness
very easy to use and set up.
Small, sleek, color screen, lots of features, good quality, screen on front of phone
everything but design and lack of games
Slender, lightweight and functions well as a phone.
rugged, very nice screen, superb speakerphone and noise cancelling, excellent battery life
The best Vision phone available to date!
Best reception of any vision phone
Good signal, nice display, great performance, feature rich.
Web, reception, durability, battery, address book, calendar, GUI, ringer switch
JAVA, Battery Life, Voice notes, Speaker phone, quick charge time
Improved display, improved menus, lightweight, lithium ion battery, lots of features
Weight, Voice Notes, New Phone Book, Address Book, and JAVA!
Great layout, good speakerphone, nice included apps
Service, durability, ergonomics
Larger display than the other nextel phones, longer battery life, better sound quality, java-enabled games
Really cool features, voice dialing, better games, customize-able menus
Battery, JAVA, Many options and settings, tough.
Voice activated dialing, speakerphone, long battery life, clear display
GPS, Direct Contect,Java,Very Large Screen
Feature rich phone, ease of use,good screen size, and what a price!
Lightweight, able to Direct Connect without selecting a Mode
Tons of great features with stylish look to boot!
Looks nice, works well for a while.
A great phone.
Greatly Improved Interface, Looks COol!
plenty of features
Nice set of features. Easy to use.
size, shape, caller id, voicemail, voice activated dialing, sound quality
Compact, Durable, Cool Green Color, Rubber Buttons, Easy to Read
Light, Good Battery Life, Easy to Use
Great phone book,Great Reception,Size,&#13;&#10;Voicedialing,Battery life
reception, features, weight, phonebook, battery life
Everything
Battery Life&#13;&#10;Small Size&#13;&#10;Large Display&#13;&#10;4 Digit Call
excellent range of features, and It's Fun!
GREAT QUALITY/BATTERY/EXTRA'S
Light, Long Battery Life, Bells and Whistles
voicemail indicator, phone book, speakerphone, web-enabled, variety of ringers...
A phone you can trust for its functionality and construction
Easy navigation, speakerphone, large display, battery life
Great battery life, Call quality is A1, Not terribly expensive
Comfortable size, good voice quality
Speakerphone, Clarity, Easy-to-use interface, and Features
Small size&#13;&#10;Many features
Advanced address book, easy menu navigation, lots of features for the price
Large Screen, easy to navigate with one finger(or should I say your thumb)
Small, long battery life, lots of features.
many advanced features, multi-entry phonebook, voice dialing, calendar/PIM, large screen
Overall good design
Small size, clear reception, so easy to use-my technology impaired dad can operate it.
Tons of great features!
Long battery life, great speakerphone, great phone book features, great size, weight and feel
Huge Display, Rugged, Super Battery Life, T9 Text Recognition, Packed with Features
Features, quality made, features
Speakerphone, large screen, top quality
many features,large screen, small, lightwieght,
full featured including speaker phone
Read above!
large LCD display &#13;&#10;Crystal Clear Reception all over the United States. &#13;&#10;
Color, new smaller size, very loud ringer,strong vibrating battery longest
Battery, styling, size, just about everything.
This phone is very reliable and the voice features are fun to play with.
Size, handling, large screen, games, voice dialing, scheduler, phone book
Best reception along with clarity, durability for high usage users.
Features, Size
Sleek design. It has everything you could ever want in a PCS phone.
Many,Many,features.  Too many to name.
Versitility
QUALITY construction, COMPACT, OUTSTANDING PHONEBOOK..  User Friendly PERIOD
Great features, small package
Works Great, Crystal Clear Sound, TONS of options
Battery life, size, voice dialer
Small, lightweight, excellent battery life.
Wonderful Interface, elegant and easy to use
good voice control
Small, lightweight, and easy to use. Good battery life
Compact and easy access buttons
Long battery life, light, easy to use, free after rebate.
...Great Combinations of Features; Small, yet Functional Package...
The smallest (so far)
Small, Small, Small
lightweight, tiny, great reception, great battery life, tons of options
small size, light weight
small, light, small, light, small...
Small, functional, wireless web option, decent battery life with included battery
Beautiful design, Good reception, Holographic display
Extremely small, but comfortable to grip; very good design and functionality; great UI; looks cool!
Looks AMAZING, Works Great, Impresses People
Super-small and super-cool; web-enabled
size and reception are awesome
size,battery life,style, features
Size, power, attitude
small size
Excellent design, Clever phone book
Size, ease of use
Light, durable, lots of options.
Size, weight
Cute and small, Number storage, dual mode, minibrowser, price went down a lot.
Small size, aesthetic qualities
Size, weight, features, reception.
EVERYTHING
Great size, good sound
Size, Feel, Quality
This is the coolest looking phone!
Small, attractive, great phone book
BEST PHONE IN THE ENTIRE WORLD
Nice small form factor, cool looking
small size
Extra small size, different colors to choose
Very small size, long battery life.
small, lightweight, durable, easy to use
quite small and thin
Light, conveinent to carry, reception.
Large Screen, Voice Quality, Gimmick-free phone
All technical features.
All-in-one Communicator, GPRS support, and convenient keyboard
A ton of different features, as advanced a phone as you will find
Great features, very durable, simple and easy to use.
Speaker Phone, direct connect, largest color screen, easy to navigate & customizable menus
Big screen for flip phone, Very cool features, COLOR, COLOR, COLOR
Amazing features, great coverage, sturdy, good battery life, nice color screen.
Large color screen, external Caller ID, backlit buttons, SUPERB speakerphone.
Look, Looks you get, capabilities and questions asked about the phone and service.
direct connect feature, color, many options and programs.
Large display, LOUD speaker, GREAT signal indoors and out
Nice color screen, good flip phone, fun downloadables
Easy to use, Color Screen, Loaded w/ ringers, and screensavers.
Color Screen, Small size, PTT option
Large color screen, Lots of features, Direct connect feature
Color, Options
LARGE color screen, customizable wallpaper & ring-tones, sharp appearance.
Large color display, Great features
Full featured and lighweight
Internet Browser, Voice Recognition, sleek and very lite.
it's a phone &amp; it works, audio dialing
Great phone
slim, voice recognition, affordable
Lots of features for a lot less money these days.  Lightweight.  Sturdy.  Long battery life.
Battery life, tri-mode, phonebook size, voice dial
Calls are Clear, Feature Rich, Settings Rich
All the features, fantastic battery, light
Good battery life; ease of use
Easy to use, LOOOOONG battery life.
great features,different rings,easy to use,lots of room to store names
Many cool options, Great sound, Easy to use
A feather-light, easy phone to use, even for a first-timer!
Super Battery Life, Lightweight, Small
Tri-mode, Wireless web, Quick battery charge, Voice dialing
Sleek, light weight, and loaded with features.
VAD Feature is COOL
Large screen, good reception
Great  performance, Easy to read screen.
Good size, easy to hear, tri-mode, voice-activated dialing
Lightweight; Exceptional Sound; Great Battery Life; Voice Activated Dialing; Web Browser Enabled
Tri-mode, easy to use
Voice activated dialing, small and lightweight, good battery life.
Easy Layout, good reception most places, dependable
So many cool options
light, web access, long life battery, small
Fairly durable phone with lots of neat features and gadgets.... Web enabled
Lightweight, clear sound, trimode, lots of features.
Slim, good display, full featured to the max
User Interface, Hands Free, Feature Packed
Web-ready, connects to e-mail, lightweight, earphone jack, voice-activated dialing.
Good size, phone features easy to use
Net ready, voice activated dialing, vibrating, crystal clarity, and verizon service!
feature rich
long battery life, light weight
special rings for special numbers
Voice Dial, Vibration and/or Ring, Web accessibility
Looks great, light weight, great battery, small, tons of cool features.
easy
large display, lots of features
Light, long battery life
weight, voice recognition, dedicated voice/text mail buttons
Very comfortable to use.
Many features, small battery
Caller ID, Voice Activated, Number Saving, Price
Ease of use, phonebook
Small, clear sounding, vibrating ringer, lithium battery, voice dialing!
drop in charger
size, voice activated dialing, ease of use
Nice look and feel, long battery life
Small, clear sound, durable, good design
Sleek, lightweight
Many features as standard, clear sound. Easy to use.
it WORKS beyond expectations..
slim design, easy to lock-unlock keys&#13;&#10;
lightweight, convenient, attractive&#9;&#9;
voice activation, lots of fun rings, clarity was better than i expected.
Small, lots of features.
Many features.  Easy Menu.  Long Life.
voice dialing, web/email, many extra option
Long battery life Reception OK
Long battery life and excellent call reliability.  Closest thing I've seen to shock-proof electronics.
Camera, nice features, small and cute, records my voice.
Stylish, excellent display and sound quality, good camera
Built in camera, many other great features, style, and great reception.
Packed with features, tools, and accessories.
Great screen, nice form factor, tweakable software and reliable signal
Good phone at a Great Price that can be upgraded via software.
Good camera, easy use menu, bright display, not too much else...
Internal & external displays
Great feel, camera, nice look.
I am amazed with everything this phone can do, and do well it does.
Battery life is long, camera, java games, mp3 ringtones, color screen
Cachet, cute, voice navigation works well.
Size of the phone. Features fits my needs for business
Style factor, coolness, exterior display, size, camera, built, speaker
5 MB memory, plays mp3 and midi, picture ID
lot's of fancy features (that most people don't need)
good camera, lots of features, cute
- Aesthetically pleasing, and highly functional.
Camera, Smart Card, Speakerphone, Uploadable Phone Numbers, Case has nice nonslip feel.
MP3 Ringtones, MIDI Ringtones, Good Camera, Smooth Scratch-Resistant Surface, Good LCD Screen
stylish, light, great camera (when it works)
lots of features: speaker phone, built in camera, attractive case
Size, durablity, tons of features!
small, easy to carry, stylish, takes good pictures for the price of the phone
camera, small, appears durable
The looks, camera, grip, nice arranged buttons, display,download tunes and wallpapers,compose ring tones.
Color screen is great, downloads are fun, battery life is very good, phone is light
Looks, color
reception, size, camera, everything
Size, features, quality color display, loud speaker phone, accurate voice dial, great look and feel
Small, light weight.
Super cute exterior, small size, blue led
I like the color and the features that it has. I like the speaker phone.
Worked OK for about 4 months of light use.
Pretty to look at, a dream phone for the first month or so.
Color Screen, Cool Design.
Stability, Features, Reliability
Sleek, excellent speakerphone, efficient voice-dial, plenty of memory, wallpapers and MP3 ringtones
small, speaker phone is excellent, battery life, good reception
Great feel, size, weight
Camera and video a plus.  good reception.
great external speaker ,plays mp3 ringtones ,good camera ,has gprs and mms
Camera, Aim Intergrated, WAP, 65k color
Nice looking, Camera worked well, Nice screen.
Great camera and screen, reception is good and the speaker phone works as it should.
See above
Small size, many features, airplane mode, calendar
Strong personal information management tools, OpenWave web browser, awesome battery life for color screen.
battery life, screen, memory capacity, airplane mode, size, price
small and light weight, battery life. great ringers. External Caller ID/ time display.
Large color screen, wireless internet, speakerphone, easy navigation, Voice Dialing & GPS
Lightweight, Bright, Clear Screen and Has an amazing amount of features.
Color screen, polyphonic ringtones, very portable.
See Below.
The pros?...Little to no cons
Great phone with color screen awesome browser organizer and configurability
attractive, well designed, intuitive,
Nice color screen, great ringers, small..
Brilliant technology, beautiful design, & amazing sound & quality.
Reasonable price, practical features, compact size and external display
Small size, great organizer schedule, better than the Samsung N400
Beautiful color display, many ringtones, very customizable
Color screen, voice dial, external display
Very compact size with cool graphical interface.
Small, light, great call quality
Brilliant Blue Backlighting; Easy to Use; Color Screen; Great Ringtones
Sleek design, excellent color screen, nice ringtones, good organizer.
This phone is small, a unique color, and has a nice color screen.
You can set the buttons to make a sound like water drops - funny!
Small, lots of features, nice screen, external caller ID, reception
Typical Color phone nothing fancy.
Perfect screen, great ringers, attractive look, small, easy to use, MANY GREAT AND USEFUL OPTIONS.
Compact, light, good sound, many features, VOICE RECOGNITION!, nice
Excellent Quality, Clear Screen, Voice Activated
Easy to learn how to use, large screen for easy viewing
Almost everything is GREAT!
Small, light, looks good, great battery life, excellent sound and signal quality
Battery life, easy to use, great sound, LOUD RINGER
Durable, good battery life, large screen size
No Comment
simple
Stellar sonics and reception; thin; light, GPS ready; 2-way duplex speakerphone; and voice-activated dialing
Battery life, listen only speakerphone, data connectivity, light weight
QUALITY AND PRICE
Small, long battery life, ABSOLUTE BEST RECEPTION
Great reception. Good ergonomics. Nice screen. Easy to use. Modest price.
Great in Analog only areas Quick to find Digital when available.
Phone works in weak digital signal areas
Color screen, size, decent battery power.
Huge Color Display, Big Outer Screen, Design, Weight, Battery Life, Features
Color Screen, GPRS (high speed wireless), World Phone
Stylish design and compact.
Small, light weight, easy to use, full color screen.
great color, great sound
Nice looking phone, many features, excellent color display
Lightweight, cool blue back light, slim, infrared, big screen
External caller ID/Time, Color, Flip
Great sound, comfy keys & fit, can download graphics and tones, easy use, external display.
overall design, options, color
great colored screen, stylish, and compact
Beautiful screen, smooth flip top, small and comfortable, great sounds
Color screen, numerical clarity, size
Color, sound, batterly life, and clarity
good quality, compact, easy to use, features
Excellent phone, sleek, full-color, tri-band
Beautiful Screen, easy to use, packed with features.
Beautiful phone.  Beautiful screen.
Outstanding display, Great voice quality, Many Features
Downloads & Design!
color screen, options, sounds, comfort, hands free set
Fun, cool, big screen, intuitive/easy to use
large letter display
Battery life excellent, Colorful and Attractive, Easy to use Interface
Color menus, stylish style, size
Menus are easy to use and looks really nice
lightweight, bright LCD, many features, excellent clarity
Looks good
Phone was of average quality.
Small size, flip cover, comes with a second battery and other accessories.
Games, screen, tones, looks
pocket sized.
Small, bright color
The screen is fine.
Easy to use, has many features I need
Versatile face plate exchanges, 39 ring tones, Caller ID, 3 Games, Call log
Small, Many Features, Built to Hold Up
Cheap, plenty of features, usually cheap with a "package deal" from service provider
Inexpensive, Durable, Simple features, easy to use&#13;&#10;
Varied ring selections, interchangeable face plates.
Small, Colorful, Works Great
Price, excelent features for such a cheap phone, good construction
Great clarity, small and light, many convenience features and durable.
Size, faceplates, accessories, games, rings, versatility... etc.
Price, Ability to change look, Battery life, Keylock, Easy to use
Ease of use, features, overall quality rocks
Light weight, great clarity, easy functions, easy to use.
Good old Nokia menus and features
Slim, sleek and does what it's supposed to do
Good memory function, snake, good call clarity, price
Tho low price and powerful function
Color faceplates, ring features, good size
Rugged, good battery life, above average reception, easy to use name/number storage, accending volume ringer.
Compact size, clear reception, many great features.
Nokia menu/functions.
Many, many features.
A pretty good phone with lots of name brand and after market accessories
Slim, Colorful Covers, Li-Ion Battery, Clear Reception
3 games, call log, phone book, email, clock, 30 different ring tones
Mobile, changeable face plates, good sound quality, advanced features
Size, battery life, customizing features, easy text entry.
Cheap
Small, lightweight, easy to use
40 RingTones, Faceplates,By Nokia
Reliable, Easy to use, long battery life
Very good size, easy to follow programming, not fancy.
Handy little bugger this one
Good screen, has games and can send messages.
clear signal. Nice battery life. Small
Durable, light, nice features
small,great and cheap.
Personalize your phone in many way
Lightweight, Sturdy, Fits just about anywhere, Replaceable Face Plate
extremely sturdy, long battery life, good volume, quick menu access, some good rings
Small, lots of features, GPRS
Tri-band + GPRS + FastInfraRed = ideal phone for businesspeople and travelers
GSM; GPRS; Voice-activated dialing; Appearance; WAP; World phone (Trimode; PIM
Appearance, tri-band world phone, GPRS, voice activated dialing
Flexibility, tri-band, appearance, reasonable price
Nice looking, great sound, easy locking
GSM coverage in US, Europe and Africa, long talk time, text messaging
GPRS;WAP;iTAP;500#phonebook&PIM;Battery&#13;&#10;Exceptional voice and very easy menu
many many features, great sound, triband, light weight
nice design, adjustable volume, durability, clarity, features, reception
Stylish design, built-in micro browser.
Tri-band support allows you to use the phone in Europe, Asia, and the USA
lots of features, good battery life, infra red
Lightweight,long battery life,usable worldwide,great sound(better than Nokia),web ready and more.
Good handset sound quality, good RF
Sleek and stylish, best displays in the market.
Stylish design, great display screens, plenty of strong features.
Beautiful, light weight, easy to use, optional camera, clarity, did I mention it's beautiful?
Sleek style.
Cute Appearance, Cool Ringers, Excellent Color Display, External Caller ID, etc..
Size, shape, weight, color, reception, Internet, voice dialing, talk time and hands-free safety
Looks great, awesome display, lots of features
Looks awesome, thin, small and lightweight, great reception
Beautiful screen, polyphonic ring tones, 144kb/sec internet access, free second battery.
Brilliant color screen, small profile, highly visible backlit keys.
Looks pretty cool, nice ring tones
EXCELLENT SCREEN CLARITY, AND SMALL COMPACT SIZE
NICE, Best TFT Screen,(amazing). The Best ring tones.Features.Sprint PCS, A Beautiful Phone
LCD Display, size
Great color display!  Small, sleek, very light - nice phone!! Free online downloads!
Style, Color Display, Ringers, Second Battery Free
Small, lightweight, stylish, color screen, good SprintPCS coverage varies), aggressive plan prices
Color screen, Dual band, external CID, Voice Dial
TFT color display, Ringers & Wallpaper, Web Display, External Display
Large, beautiful & colorful LCD. Large external LCD.
resolution, battery life, user friendly, navigation, clarity, fun/interaction
The price is dropping and firmware upgrades are happening.
cool ringer, nice size,hi-res color graphics
TFT Color screen, lots of features, especially interesting ringers, java, awesome looking, slim!!
Nice color screen. Easy ability to download ringers.  Slender and light.
Great Mobile Phone, the finest phone in the market today, very Cool
light weight, great color screen, very customizable, awesome voice clarity
Great Menu useabilty/ user friendly settings and controls. obviously "real world" beta tested
Small, stylish, great features
Small and stylish. Rich in features.
Color screen resolution, easy to navigate, loud ringer, mobile internet capability, free second battery
Size, Screen, Free extra battery, battery life.
Lexus of Mobile Phones
Small size.  Nice color screen indoors.
Very small and lightweight. Great color screen. Trendy.
Colour screen, polyphonic ringtones, size & weight
small size,brilliant screen,excellent ringers
Great colorful display, great ringers, Small and Lightweight, wonderfull features.
Sleek, stylish, light, feature-laden, Samsung quality
Great performance, sleek design, tons of features, excellent color display.
Good looks and excellent sound quality
Small, sleek, light; just my titanium girl style. And packed with features too!
Compact, nice look
The external display for caller ID and clock, date are nice features.
Coolest looking phone on earth
Looks
Small (fits in pocket), stylish, color screen, great reception, a real conversation piece
Small, looks good
Great design, compact, nice cost.
Small Size, Good battery life, easy to use buttons
compact, good battery life, Web access, speakerphone feature, voice dial feature, lighted keypad
Lightweight, easy to conceal.
Love the speakerphone function and big screen
Compact,durable,
Small and nice features
Nicely lit display, sturdy built
Great battery life and the web access
Definitely future-proof!
Options galore, adaptable, a "cool" phone
Tiny, feature-rich, colorful and large screen for its overall size
Color screen, insane battery life/talk time, small and light, Blutooth, GPRS.
Small & durable, 256-color LCD, long-lasting battery, great features, bluetooth enabled
Great color Phone, Great OS, Triband, GPRS, T68i updateable - Picture phonebook, MMS,
tiny, sleek, color, bluetooth, IR, GPRS, WAP, World GSM compatible
"Cool" factor, Bluetooth, Voice activation, Fantastic battery life
Small, Light, Bluetooth, IR, Battery Life, Tri-band
Great battery life, loaded with features
Technologically advanced, blue-tooth, color screen, great battery life
Small, nice features, good quality
Color screen; WAP; GSM; BlueTooth and IR
Feature rich, solid build quality, great screen, design and feel.
Color screen, intuitive interface, small size, huge featureset
Tri band&#13;&#10;BT, IR & GPRS&#13;&#10;Small size&#13;&#10;Good battery autonomy
Very hip, highly customizable, color screen
Small form factor, Color Screen, Integrated Bluetooth
Fabulous Color Screen, Incredible Size, Ergonomic, and Better Battery Life.
Something to do during boring lectures.
Small, light, bluetooth, excellent phone book, and that color screen.
Great Features, Excellent battery life, and usability
The Whole phone, features, style, build quality
Color Screen, battery life, memory capacity
Great looking, long battery life and tons of fun features.
Color LCD, background pictures, voice dialing & answering
Features, compact size
Durable flip phone,stylish,loud ringtone, reasonable price
Excellent durability, more than adequate memory, many really cool features.
"Chirp" (walkie-takie) capability. Color screen. wav audio
Lots of features for a relatively good price. Better signal strength with decent battery life.
Stylish...keeps to the Nextel roots.
Clarity, functionality, volume, ergonomics, reasonably durable, excellent speaker, adult sized.
Sound Quality, Appearance
Size, clamshape design, very small, speakerphone
Color screen, speaker phone, great reception, loud rings, sturdy holster!
Free GPS compass, very bright and clear display, sturdy design
front screen, speaker phone, vibrate feature
Chock full of power features; ultimately versatile and customizable.
Excellent durability, clear screen display, nice and LOUD ring tones and call volume & price.
Easily personalized, durable, headset enabled, speakerphone for phone calls
Sturdy, color screen, GPS enabled
Himm...? Not sure!
walkie talkie,games,easy to use,sleek and shiny:)
Style, speaker phone, voice recorder, two-way direct-connect
Good looks, design
Sturdy, bright screen, loud, clear speakerphone, classy looking, easy to navigate
PTT is great, provider service is good.
You get to go to the nextel store every four months to get it fix.
Nice looking Phone
Color, Disco Light when ringing, Voice recorder
it's a flip phone
color display, easy to use menus
Color screen, powerful, visually appealing.
ease of use, looks, walkie talkie
Good reception, assignable ringtones, easy to read screen and navigation, good bat life
Another solid body phone by nextel with a brilliant color display.
nice small little phone...
Great color display, ton of hi tech features, great design
Has mortgage calculator built in, unlimited free incoming calls.
Beautiful screen, nice size and weight.
Great phone, packed with features including a handy camera
Hi resolution screen is easy to read.
easy to use, full of features, color screen, inexpensive, camera
Trendy-looking, well-finished, high resolution screen color
IR port, looks cool, analog clock on face plate
easy to use key pad, stylish, colour display, front flap display screen, menu navigation
Stylish
Stylish, inexpensive, polyphonic ring tones, color screen, good reception,light and small, good features
cheap, durable, reliable phone with two-way SMS messaging and voice mail
Motorola durability, signal strength
Cheap phone, good bang for your buck, appealing look
Changeable faceplates, good battery life, large display, inexpensive
Simple, elegant, changeable covers.
easy to hold, color-changing covers, light and impressive features.
High quality, well designed, small and light, easily fitting in the palm of your hand
The Nokia 8210 phone's calendar function can remind you of upcoming meetings, birthdays,and so on.
Small, lightweight, very usable.
It was free, it feels durable and has decent features.
Sturdy ~ still working with my kids using it daily!
Price, looks, functionality, low power consumption, GSM, works in Europe, durable
Cheap, good battery life, very bright back light.
Free in most cases, lots of features, AOL IM client.
Lightweight. Inexpensive. Straightforward. Excellent on the basics. Not necessarily for "power users." Euro-compatible.
Cool looking, lightweight, good features
Very good reception and battery life
Stylish design, lightweight, cool features, AIM inside, has its own e-mail address
Free with purchase of cellular service contract. Slim and compact and attractive.
Bright LCD screen, great quality sound, and tons of features, lighter than helium
Great coverage, very light, lots of features
Durable, Good battery life, Robust earpiece connection, Reliable software (no crashes or hangs), "Cute" styling
Size, Weight, Ease of use, Reliability, durability, now available free!!
blue backlight and multiparty
Light phone, plenty of nice features, good reception, and it's FREE
Small. Lightweight.
Small, lightweight, easy to use, ringtones, AOL instant messenger, blue light
Small, durable, ergonomic, easy to use
This digital beauty is a gem!
Compact, Good Looks, and Kewl Backlight
Very easy to use.  A lot of bells and whistles. Cool looking.
Lightweight,nice background,loud
Lightweight, compact, good features.
Lightweight, fun, easy to use, and very functional. Lots of features for next to nothing.
AOL IM compatible, easy to setup/use, blue screen, very light
Small design, blue indiglo screen
Inexpensive, Bright Blue Display, Samsung Quality
Very lightweight, easy-to-see-in-the-dark blue backlight, features pretty decent, easy 'pocket' phone
Lightweight, Bright LCD lighting, Games
Small, easy to operate, good service
Small, Colorful LCD,easy to use
light, compact, bright display, cheap
Looks (can be deceptive)
AIM, T9, thin, lightweight, small, versatile, powerful, fantastic battery life, ring composer
Simplistic, it does the job without all the stupid frills that
I liked the SGH R225 because it was very light and had  good design.
Free phone,great sound quality,easy to use with more features than older model.
Bright backlight, good battery
features, rugged, price, quality construction
Brilliant blue backlight, attractive case, web enabled, lightweight, and has many useful features.
Lightweight, easy to use, durable.
Automatic Key lock is good.  Cute screensavers.
great polyphonics
Great reception; lightweight; durable; small; AIM/AOL support; excellent ear piece.
Great reception, bright backlight, easy to navigate
Snazzy looks and "light show" Fairly simple, great for people who are not technologically sound.
MP3 player, MultiMediaCard support, huge memory (MultiMediaCard), large and clear display, light weight, java games
built like a tank.
Compact Size; Lots of Features; Vibrate mode
Non-folding, lightweight
easy to use, simple features, adequate range and power
Long battery life, fun features like changeable faceplates and multiple ring choices,  easy to use.
Display,Menu,3rd party Accessories
...
Size, Features, GOBS of options
Compact, Vibrate Mode, Excellent Voice Quality, Low Price
Small, Excellent Ergonomics, Long Battery Life, Good Clarity, Tri-Mode, Lots of Features and Accessories&#13;&#10;
Nice Looks, Durable, Ion Lithium Battery, Clear LCD, Good Price, Internet-Enabled, Small
Quality, Features, Tools
easy, small, nice looking phone
Lithium Ion Battery, Contact Manager, Handy Tools.
Makes me strangely happy.
Lots of Features, Cheap
lightweight & small, seems relatively sturdy, good sound, lots of features
Easy to use, sounds clear, Tri-mode phone
Light, "web-enabled", email, universal headset, nice timers/alarms
Clear reception, light weight, and you're able to change the banner.
Small without being too small, features, Lithium Battery, internet
Small & lightweight, very easy to use. Interchangeable faceplates and a vibrating ringer. Cheap too!
Nice features, vibrate alert, stores 200 contacts including snail& email addresses
Light, attractive, lots of features
Good looks, Nice features, Great value
Ease of use, call clarity, neat "extra features"
Battery Life, distinctive ringers(see desc.)
Cheap, cute, nokia-like look
Powerful, clear, many options
Good battery life. Call clarity is excellent.  Easy to use
GREAT PHONE, Lots OF FEATuRES, Multiple Rings, VIBRATE ALeRT!!
Easy to use, Full featured, Long battery life in digital areas
Cheap, Good battery, Good OS, Feature filled
Voice Clarity, Features, Price
vibrate, Face Plates, web access
Price, Features for the Price, Availability of Accessories
Features, size, display and data connectivity.
Good call quality, strong signal, long battery life, lightweight
I love this phone and the software that comes loaded.  It is small, lightweight, durable.
Ability to vibrate first, then ring, fairly durable, very lightweight, cheap.
Lots of features.  Easy to use.
Great signal.
Lightweight, great features, compact,  clear LCD and sound, easy to use with minimal instruction
Great size, durable, easy to figure out.
A nice phone with really handy features and easy navigation system.
Great reception, easy to use
battery life, features, durable
CDMA,LGC330W
Lightweight, Small, Good Talk Time
Reliable, lightweight, sleek, and durable.
long life, clear, lots of features, vibrate ring mode
DURABILITY, size
Durable, easy to use. Large readable buttons. Flip-style easy to shut off.
Phone size/shape/weight. Battery life
Sturdy, good features, easy to use and inexpensive.
Very compact; can operate as a non-flip phone; text messaging
keeps numbers very accessible
Everything
Small size
Sleek, compact, performs well
Lots of features, small
Tons of features for the $$$
Easy to use, good reception, drop in charging, vibrate
Great reception and receives all calls
easy to use, durable, fun
Easy to read face  -user friendly- very clear reception
Durable, reliable, great reception
compact, inexpensive, decent feature set
Good size, lots of features, easy to use
Great features
Vibrating Alert, Digital Service &amp; Caller I. D.
Great battery life, durability
Flip cover locks keys,
clarity, battery length
Well built reasonably priced dual mode phone. Has lasted me nearly two years.
size, easy to use
Long talk time, cheap price
Size and features
Clarity, battery life
Small size.
Good looks, low cost, and good features
Available in several stylish colors; a good choice for emergency and occasional use.
Convenience, emergency use
small, durable phone has volume control and fits in my purse!
Slim, many features for price
lightweight, fits in pocket or purse, easy to program and use
Provides all the basic functions of a cell phone.
Reliable and easy to use
Compact, affordable and easy to use
lightweight, dependable, excellent clarity
Reliable, well made, great features, FREE!
Compare to other models, its cheaper and does the job for lessor price
small, durable, many options
$7.99/month to keep it activated!
Phone is light (about seven ounces), and easy to use; not too compact
no contracts, no monthy bills, you only use what you pay for.
withstands abuse, reception excellent, fits in pocket, loud ring, easy-to-use, excellent voice-pick-up,
Slim, various features
Durability, Dependability, Size, Price . . .
It can survive a high degree of abuse
no monthly bill!!
durable, lightweight, holds a charge all day
Simple, and easy to use
Great reception for a regular user.
slim, lightweight, dependable, god sound clarity
inexspensive, different rings, easy to use
cheap, nice-looking, name and number programming
Everything
Reliable, durable
Lightweight, easy to use
Great phone to have...
No monthly charges, long battery life, attractive design, durable
Durable
Small, Compact &amp; easy to use
compact, not too small, affordable, durable
very durable, extremely clear
I simply love this phone
Affordable, Reliable
It fits in my purse,  This is better than no phone at all
Easy to use menu, sturdy construction
Functions Well, Durable, Excellent Menu, Nice Appearance
Easy to program, prepaid option
great,clear reception
Loud. Clear. Long batt. life. *free*.
Great phone. Stays charged for a long period of time. Low Price.
easy to use, offers basic features, very durable, good where digital service isn't available
Lightweight and easy to use
Fairly compact and durable; low-cost.
Decent phone, convenient service with no monthly bill
Great features
small, sturdy, dependable
the size is perfect
Easy to use, small enough to carry in your purse or pocket and very attractive also.
reception, durability, price, SIZE
small, clear sound
Small, key guard, cute colors
Nice price (especially with a pkg. deal)&#13;&#10;$10 w/activation fee
very durable
Solid, basic analog cell phone
cheap, reception,, features
Small
Reliable and Solidly Made
Large Speed dial, Pay as you go plan, durable
Durability, low-cost.
See 1- 5 above
free
Uhhh. . .Uhhh...Hmmmm
I have a phone when I need one; does its job
Small, lightweight, features
call waiting, speed dial, ringer change, key guard
Light weight, Easy to use, Great Controls, small, affordable, Multi purpose
little, affordable phone
great features
price, durability, features
Good voice clarity, comfortable keys, easy to use
A Prepaid Phone that Works in Rural Areas! Solid Made for an Inexpensive Cell Phone
great memory
Light weight, Cristal clear sound, Long lasting Standby and talk time
Nice size and looks nice
Smallish; inexpensive; very well designed
lightweight, slim, flat, bright in color
nice thing to have around
compatible
Small, easy to carry
cheap in price
A lot of features for the price.
No contract's
Good Price, Many features
Not too Expensive
easy use, reliable, cool colors
size ,price and ease of use
price, easy answer
no contracts or bills, backlit display, prepaid, anyone can buy it, long battery life
Lightweight
reliability, service, coverage, signal strength, affordability
Price,  Rugged, Reliable, Peace of Mind
light weight and easy to use
Inexpensive.  Easy to operate.
lightweight and small
Very durable
durable, inexpensive, lightweight, in-style, good clarity
Durability, dependability, cost
Display, sound quality
Small, light, easy to use, simple
Lightweight, easy to use, free
Great durability, good features for the price
Cell phone's are convient
handy,  and easy to use
Dependable
Easy to use
Affordable
Tough.
withstands much abuse, good reception, stylish model
Easy to use, Small
good features
LIGHT WEIGHT, Durable,ALMOST STATIC FREE.
Size
good and cheap
good menu interface, durable, no static,&#13;&#10;can fit in pocket
None
easy to use, low cost, no contracts, no monthly fees
Cheap price! good phone
really convenient,cute as can be
Durable
rugged, sturdy easy to use phone
good for its time
Size, weight, overall performance
You can talk to people sometimes
Loves it
excellent clear sound
Durable and clear calls
Very light
small and easy to use
Convenient and Tough
No contracts, easy to maintain, easy to use
Great battery life and highly affordable
Reliable
Light weight, affordable, quality built
# storage, size, clearity
it was free
Everything
I love it, small and compact
sports,
Lighter, More user friendly
This phone will only cost you a penny!
Keeps track of units , worldwide time, airtime and regular time
Easy to use, full featured, and inexpensive.  Good reception and sound.
Exceptional RF Performance; Good Incoming Audio Quality; Packed with practical features; Advanced UI
Nice round shape with rubber grips, blue lights
Good reception, great size, & unique style
no antenna, bright blue light when the face is off. cheap
Cheap.  Blue backlight.
small, clam shell, call clarity, 1xRTT capable, midi sound (polyphonic), web-enabled
Small, classic + cool style, excellent screen, 1xRTT ready, voice dialing/recording, excellent bang for buck
Small and lightweight, easy to use, very stylish, external LCD display
size, style, variety of features.
Small & light, reception & sound clarity, battery life, external display, fast Internet
very sleek, stylish yet professional look, has what you will most likely use
Great Call Clarity, Light Weight, Small Size, Good Reception. Sturdy Phone.
Battery Life and Design
stylish, flexible, manner mode button, good reception and sound
Easy-to-read LCD, voice-dialing, stylish
Size, features, reception, style
Looks neat.
Clarity, size, and design!
Great user interface; great features
Small size, decent sound quality and battery life, quick and convenient manner mode
Great compact phone; easy to read screen for web usage.
Small, Sleek, Lots of Features, and Lots of Extra's
Great reception, nice big LCD, very easy to see the keys in dark, nice size
Clearest phone I ever had!
small, light
Simple, Small, Battery life long, Text Messaging, Event Planner
Easy, very portable, has everything I need
Small and compact, can fit just about anywhere.
Offers a lot of today's latest technology at the tips of your fingers.
Speaker Phone, Radio, Virtually Unbreakable, and A Lot More...
Small and surprisingly durable
Stylish, Enclosed keypad, mic close to voice, Lith. Battery
range, small, durability, features, and attachments
great battery life; durable
Two-way radio, seemingly unbreakable housing
Everything
Sturdy, speakerphone
Durable
Well built, ease-of-operation, internet, battery life, 2way radio, speakerphone, can use w/flap closed, low radiation
Lightweight, with superb speakerphone
semi-small size, great sound quality, 4 different usage options
Everything!  Price, Features, Size!  The only phone you will ever want.
Built to last, great reception
Almost everything.
lightweight, dependable, and very durable
Looks great! Lots of features!
Great service, Direct Connect, Very Innovative
Two way radio service
Speakerphone, Flip Top, Sturdy Design
low radiation, low cost on phone
Using the Private Ready, I can ALWAYS get through to my husband.
Virtually Unbreakable, 2way paging, a lot of stuff
A ton of features
Lots of options and extremely durable. Direct-connect is a huge money saver
Hands free speaker phone
none
Great battery life and super speakerphone
Can use it anywhere nation-wide with clarity
Very sturdy phone
good service
Fair size, good looking
Large, see-thru flip, Durability, Time-tested design, & Price
easy to use, great menu, color screen, nice look, speaker and flip phone
Pretty Slim, External LCD, External Ring-Silencer
Great internal LCD; bright and colorful
Great internal LCD; bright and colorful Easy-to-use menus
Graphics and clarity
Extremely durable, intuitive, compact, reliable.
Easy to navigate. More features than could ever use.  Excellent sound quality.  Has speaker phone.
World Phone, Blue Back-light, Price, Loaded with Features, Great Clairity.
tri-band GSM, small and light, good reception, funky style
Cheap, very light & compact, world phone, GPRS, WAP, stylish and ergonomic, good value
Tons of features, good quality, perfect size, good clarity, simple to use &#13;&#10;
Palm and phone in one, triband phone, Palm features on par with current Palms
PDA/Phone all-in-one. Handles nicely, good quality sound.&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
Everything you need rolled up into one device
PDA/phone in a single unit, PalmOS compatibility,
Reduce carrying 2 items down to 1; feature-rich
Great phone, encompasses 2 devices in 1.  Never leave home without it.
Integrated Palm and Tri-band CDMA phone
Fantastic Features
Nice all-in-one package; Great features
Features, ISP access, All in One Convenience.
Best of Breed. Successfully offers phone and palm functionality in a handy solution.
No need to carry 2 items (PDA & phone); wireless web that is useful
It's one device that has a lot of functionality and a good battery life
Palm PDA and cellphone in one
Internet connectivity, good data storage, compatibility with palms and thier applications
Combines phone, PIM, Fax, and Net all in one device.
Palm and wireless phone in one unit. Wireless Internet access.
all in one device
Great idea, Palm OS was an excellent addition
A PDA and Phone all in one!
Palm OS, functionality, flexibility
Great idea: a Phone and PDA in one; no major problems
Most comfortably sized PDA/phone combo.
PDA functionality/Cell phone in an "acceptably small" package. Great Battery life
Very versatile--full featured phone and email/web browser all in one at a good price.
Palm and Handheld in one unit
Good Cell Phone in durable housing. Great speakerphone
All in one and able to integrate phone needs and palm databases
Power management is great.&#13;&#10;PalmOS with real web power.
Integrated palm pilot
Looks nice, very convenient, a Palm Pilot and phone in one, real Web Browser!
Integrated Palm OS, user interface, battery life
Everything you need is in this phone ! Good battery life, lot of wonderful tools.
Battery Life
Great palm integration and battery life.  All in 1 wonder.
Voice Dial, speakerphone, long battery life.
Wow, what I've always wanted - PDA and phone in one!
Effective combination of phone and PDA; you get what you pay for.
Excellent size, good integration, stable
Speakerphone, PalmV, Web Access, Big Screen, Syncs GREAT with Outlook
Serves two purposes in one, Good voice command
Price (down to $99 now!) and convenience
Integration
Get organized, surf the web, play games and talk on the phone!
PDA and phone, smaller than previous model, good reception
Has all Palm functions; interesting conversation piece
Great Battery Life, Good PDA integration, feature rich
Excellent voice quality -- and you get a Palm device as a bonus
Excellent integration of Palm and phone&#13;&#10;Great for using in a vehicle
Great having a phone and Plam in one; great battery life!
Palm OS integrated, Very large address book, Voice dialing, speakerphone
Perfect Ergonomics; well-made and very durable
full functional dual purpose device
All in one phone. No need for a pda and a phone.
Voice-dial works well.  Good battery life. Phone-PDA integration is ok
tough useful reliable palm os ong battery life
Cheap, basic PDA features
Palm and phone in one, triband phone, Palm features on par with current Palms
PDA/Phone all-in-one. Handles nicely, good quality sound.&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
Everything you need rolled up into one device
PDA/phone in a single unit, PalmOS compatibility,
Reduce carrying 2 items down to 1; feature-rich
Great phone, encompasses 2 devices in 1.  Never leave home without it.
Integrated Palm and Tri-band CDMA phone
Fantastic Features
Nice all-in-one package; Great features
Features, ISP access, All in One Convenience.
Best of Breed. Successfully offers phone and palm functionality in a handy solution.
No need to carry 2 items (PDA & phone); wireless web that is useful
It's one device that has a lot of functionality and a good battery life
Palm PDA and cellphone in one
Internet connectivity, good data storage, compatibility with palms and thier applications
Combines phone, PIM, Fax, and Net all in one device.
Palm and wireless phone in one unit. Wireless Internet access.
all in one device
Great idea, Palm OS was an excellent addition
A PDA and Phone all in one!
Palm OS, functionality, flexibility
Great idea: a Phone and PDA in one; no major problems
Most comfortably sized PDA/phone combo.
PDA functionality/Cell phone in an "acceptably small" package. Great Battery life
Very versatile--full featured phone and email/web browser all in one at a good price.
Palm and Handheld in one unit
Good Cell Phone in durable housing. Great speakerphone
All in one and able to integrate phone needs and palm databases
Power management is great.&#13;&#10;PalmOS with real web power.
Integrated palm pilot
Looks nice, very convenient, a Palm Pilot and phone in one, real Web Browser!
Integrated Palm OS, user interface, battery life
Everything you need is in this phone ! Good battery life, lot of wonderful tools.
Battery Life
Great palm integration and battery life.  All in 1 wonder.
Voice Dial, speakerphone, long battery life.
Wow, what I've always wanted - PDA and phone in one!
Effective combination of phone and PDA; you get what you pay for.
Excellent size, good integration, stable
Speakerphone, PalmV, Web Access, Big Screen, Syncs GREAT with Outlook
Serves two purposes in one, Good voice command
Price (down to $99 now!) and convenience
Integration
Get organized, surf the web, play games and talk on the phone!
PDA and phone, smaller than previous model, good reception
Has all Palm functions; interesting conversation piece
Great Battery Life, Good PDA integration, feature rich
Excellent voice quality -- and you get a Palm device as a bonus
Excellent integration of Palm and phone&#13;&#10;Great for using in a vehicle
Great having a phone and Plam in one; great battery life!
Palm OS integrated, Very large address book, Voice dialing, speakerphone
Perfect Ergonomics; well-made and very durable
full functional dual purpose device
All in one phone. No need for a pda and a phone.
Voice-dial works well.  Good battery life. Phone-PDA integration is ok
tough useful reliable palm os ong battery life
Cheap, basic PDA features
durable, tiny world phone, nice design, vibrating alert
tiny!, usable in Europe & parts of East Asia, light, clarity

Thin, light, ease of use, easy to read screen, great keypad, fast battery recharge
Nice design, abundance of options, games included
Global Reach, Email, Lightweight, Easy To Use
Voice dialing, small, liteweight, easy to use, great sound quality!
Light as air, Excellent O/S, Dual Band
No cables means no xmas lights impressions (cable tangling).
Great size, great design, good reception
Slim, Time your call, Vibrate & Ring, Remote control Voice Dial
Small, GSM, World Coverage, And Many Extra Gadgets
Small, stylish, with lots of features and Automatic Call Divert
No wires.  Welcome to the future.
Lightness, thinness, good reception
Light Weight, Intuitive, Abundant Features
Incredibly small and thin, but usable.
Size, Price, Voice Dialing, Use Everywhere
Size, Weight, Ease of Use, Its worldwide use
see opinion
Solitaire, small and portable
Price, size, simplicity, great accessories, and more!
Great Price, Great Design, Durable, Small
Sleek, Sexy Phone weighs next to NOTHING!
Size, clarity, signal strength, and decent talk time
Looks & size.  Features.  Custom ringtones.  Accessories.
light, cool, chick and cute
Size, easy of use, charges quickly.
FREE with Cingular. Tiny. Light. Keypad cover. Encrypted. Calling card. 10 voice labels. &#13;&#10;
Size, features
Small, Light and can get a signal in a lot of places others couldn't
Light, very thin, easy to use, stylish, long battery life, Great Reception
This phone has a thin body, great battery life, and a lot of terrific features.
Size, sound quality and clarity
Slim, durable, good sound quality, decent battery life for such a small unit
Very small long battery life great reception
Compact, Clarity, Ease of Use, BlueTooth, IR modem
Crystal Clear Sound
Great size, Love Call Screening, good looks, global capabilities
small, light, packed with features
Size, Bright Light, Add Ons
Small and lite enough that you'll forget you have it most of the time.
Beautiful, 007-ish, extremely thinness
Small, Lightweight, Dual-band, Easy read Menu, Voice activated dailing, Vibrating call alert
Works in Europe
Light, Easy to use, good sound quality
well, it's small (ha! if you chop off the fat antenna!), the cool tetris game
Small, Light, Portable, Stylish
Small, Active Flip, TETRIS!
Small sleek easy to use
small size, large lcd, and fits in any pocket.
...small
This phone can fit anywhere, it has world coverage, and is simple to use.
light, backlight, handy, sexy, graphics...
*Very light&#13;&#10;*Fits everywhere&#13;&#10;*Some good features(Call block)&#13;&#10;*World Phone
small, light, works in Toronto AND Vancouver, clear
Tiny, Light, Customizable ringtones, Ease of use
Just about everything on this phone
Ultra small, good battery life
long lasting battery,very clear,works in most areas,small and compact
Small, sleek, sexy
PORTABLE, EASY TO USE, DURABLE
Tiny Tiny Tiny. The smallest phone in the world!
Very small and light weight.
not too many
tiny, lightweight, ease of use
size, weight, reception, functions, tetris & solitaire
Pocket-sized
Tiny, Voice-activated, quality microphone, world phone
Small size, super clear calls, clever flip design
Flat, flips open. Voice activated calling. Text messages.
GREAT SERVICE, INCREDIBLE INTERFACE
HANDY AND YOU CAN USE IT ALMOST ANYWHERE
Small, easy menu, like the flip
Very Small
Functionality, Reliability, Reception
sleek looking, slide rotator
very small, light weight, durable, reliable, flashy.
innovative design
Full of well organized features.
Ultra lite weight, perfect for carry in front pocket, above average lcd display
light, tiny, sexy, ironic ringer
Incredibly thin, great display, intuitive menu systems
Thin, stylish, clear call quality, easy to use, features galore
super sleek, intuitive, quality build, clear display, many useful features.
WOW-factor, Slim and lightweight design, full of features, reception, ability to upload multimedia
Ultra slim, sturdy, voice dialing, large phonebook, calendar
light weight + super slim = is it really in my pocket?
Very small and lightweight - great reception
Size, Ease of use, Style, Sleekness, Color
Durability, slim size, cool factor, great sound and reception
Thinist phone, it is so light. Attention getter.
The Sound quality is bar none. &#13;&#10;The voice dial feature is great!
Looks really cool, Super Thin, Features Galore, Downloadable Screensavers and Ringers, Dual color display
Thin, web options, down load voice mail to phone, built in voice command
Thin
Web Enabled, Lots of info on screen
Reliable
Small, Lightweight, Common, Good Speaker Quality, Nice Browser
good sound quality, when it works.
Too Many to list in 15 words
Sleek looking, within most budgets, great usability
Great deal at Cingular; lightweight and easy to use.
large viewing screen, easy-to-read, easy-to-use, can take a LOT of crap..
$20 phone and it very easy to use
Battery life, reception, ease of use.
Dual mode tech gives you signal everywhere
Long battery life, free from Suncom, capable of receiving text messages
Very clear calls. Light weight,durable and stylish.
It has a data port and everything I could ever need.
light and small, features, looks, price
Small, good games, pretty easy to navigate, nice looking, easy to carry
It has alot of memory to store names, numbers. Built-in web access
Attractive, Screen, Ease of Use, Phone quality, Built-in Bluetooth, Memory Stick DUO
Jack of all trades...
Big screen. PDA and Phone in one. MP3 ringtones.
great features, generally decent design
Every feature you want.
Note-taking ability: 'jotter'. [More details in Body]
good phone with PDA functions.
looks great, nice colors, memory stick, lots of functionality
Small size, calendar, phone book, e-mail, web browser, IR port, Bluetooth, battery life
Loaded with features, easy to find accessories.  Camera available.
Small Size, easy access to functions using the joystick, Bluetooth.
Features, size, accessories
Small and lightweight, bluetooth enabled, battery life, voice control.
Pocket size, color screen, Bluetooth capability, outstanding battery life.
Small tri-band phone, long battery life, plethora of features, no Sprint Service!
Form factor's stunning. Long lasting battery. Voice commands super. Bluetooth gives it a boost.
Bluetooth, colour, good support, too many features to list
Small and lightweight, voice commands, connectivity to other devices.
Just about everything except GSM service: price, call quality, battery life, etc.
Lots of cool features
really easy to use, offers many, many features
Colour, Small, Light, good-looking, well featured, Lots of technology
Small size, syncs with outlook, good sound quality, good battery, color screen
very small and light,thumbstick control,backlit keypad, color screen, voice commands
Design, weight, user friendly, display, and I could go on, but I won`t!
User-friendly, but at the same time advanced. Design, functions color display.....
It's color and easy internet WAP access
Small, light, great battery life, bluetooth enabled, good organizer
Compact, very stylish (neon blue backlighting), color and tri-band
Small, Colour Screen, Bluetooth, Global GSM, Voice Enabled everything!
Small, Fairly Priced, Great Features
Colored screen. Lots of fancy stuff like wallpaper, etc.
Lightweight, huge array of features
Colour screen, Tri Band, Bluetooth
Small, lightweight, cool-looking, joystick, fits nicely in pocket
Global roaming, color screen, lightweight
Good reception
Metallic blue color is appealing.
A pleasant change from nokia's. the best phone of it's time without doubt!
Small size, multiple features
Tiny, light, solid, beautiful display, countless features
size,bluetooth,color display,battery life
Feature Rich, Great Size, Good Menu System
256 Colors screen, Triband, GPRS, WAP, Bluetooth, Infrared connectivity, MMS, SMS
Size, color screen, battery life, WAP
20 minute record time, size
bluetooth Macintosh synchronization
Bluetooth, calendar with IR sync to Outlook (or other computer calendars), multiple call handling.
cool looking phone
Small, lightweight, Color Display, cool-looking.
Small a packed with features.
lots of nice options, easy to use.
Great Features
bluetooth, color screen, good price.
size, color screen
Great Looks, nice color screen and very light. Great batt life
Very good looking and great performing phone.
no pros at all.
Bluetooth, Color display, Sync Capability, Price, Battery Life
compact, Bluetooth, triband, programmable ring tones
Bluetooth.  Style.
Holds picture of my kids
Nice outer design, great feel, solid physically.  GREAT battery life
Color Screen, Bluetooth, IrDA, Weight, Looks
Great features, tiny phone, long lasting battery.
Color screen, Bluetooth built in, Updated Firmware
Blue backlighting, space between keys, cool looking
Cheap, small, LOTS of features, multiple alarms
Camera capabilities, tri-band, GPRS high speed data.
Excellent user interface and messaging capabilities, amazing battery life, light weight and... AUTOMATIC REDIAL!!!
Download ringtones and pictures, very customizable.
Size, bluetooth capability
Looks cool.
The t68i phone is feature packed.  Ringtones, backgrounds, contacts etc... can be sync'd w/ Outlook.
Small, great sound quality, long battery life
Ummmm...Errrrrr...
Handy Size, reasonably logic functions
LIGHT WEIGHT
Loaded with features,Gud design,Light weight
Good reception, voice quality, and features.
pretty small, has games, durable.
Changeable faceplates
Stylish, compact, lots of features, great reception, changeable faceplates, and it's cheap!
Good buy, practical
Great battery life and reception.  User-friendly with tons of great features.
Great reception and lots of features, Battery lasts a long time. Easy to use.
Great Easiest to use cell phone
no monthly payment
Light, durable, and cute in a silly way.
Very thin and lightweight. Very good reception. Clear hearing and large volume span.
Very user-friendly.
thin, awesome sound quality,low price, perfect!
The phone was practically free.
great size and talk time
Thin and light.  Good sound quality.  Dual Band.  Battery built in!
Small, user friendly, good clarity and dependable. I love the built-in battery!
The Qualcomm QCP-2760 is a very lightweight, sleek and user friendly phone.
Small, lightweight, thin, good reception, solid construction, free with plan!
Loaded with features, almost a pda and phone combined.
Excellent keypad, voice activated dialing, battery life, voice memo
Voice activated, portable, flip style
This phone is HORRIBLE! There are no pros...
good-sized display, easy scroll bar, lightly and speaker phone
light, easy to use
Easy to program, comes with two different colorful covers.
Small, fits in pocket
Great, light, affordable!
Countour, Weight
Good sound, good price, versatile accessories.
Resistant, cheap.
Cost, Functionality, Power and Features
Slim, small design. Color choice. Digital capable. Expanded phone book. Antenna angled to reduce radiation
Condom-like covers to change its looks, functional design
dependable, stylish, small
style,not overloaded with useless features
Phone wraps, style, phone book, Voice mail button, ease of use
Durable, decent battery life, nice physical design, web enabled & affordable.
Cool design, nice switching cover feature.
Durable, easy to find
Price, features, availability, accessories easy to obtain
Navigating the phone directory, ease of use
Lightweight, compact size, stylish
It has a am/fm radio that you can listen to with ear piece
free, cute looking in shape
Small, easy to use, fairly cheap
antenna on an angle away from head
Sleek look. Clear, great uptime, no flaws as of yet
Small, Lightweight, easy to use with a headset,and Internet Browser.
Small, lightweight, has internet capability, many useful functions
small, lightweight, sleek, durable
Packed with tons of features
Size and Features
Strong, small, lightweight and versatile.
Size, Weight, Clarity
Nice feel; Web browser built in
Small and lightweight
Light Weight, Durable, Easy to read display, 4 types of numbers stored per 99 entries.
compact and lightweight
Small size, data access and sync software, good battery life, small size
small, lightweight, cool
Compact, lots of features
Size, quality of construction, appearance, durability
Size and portability, reception
Compact, sturdy, vibrate mode
Protected keys/screen w/flip, lots of features, very light and compact
Tons of Features
small size, coolness factor, big LCD screen
Small, Excellent Battery Life, Web Browser Built In
Holds calls in some weak signal areas, text messaging memory, good battery&#13;&#10;life, Motorola support
Very tiny, amazing call quality
Sound quality, compact size
Small size, good features, and that Star Trek factor :-)
Size, quality, features
Lightweight, nice visual display, menus are easy to navigate.
Very small, long-lasting battery, pretty good reception
Very sleek and small.  LOADS of features!
well designed, easy to use
Small, easy to use
Unbreakable.  Easy to use.  Comfortable.  Sync ability.
small, good reception, loads of features
long battery life, good features
Small, Durable, Classy
Durability, ease of use.
Size, accessibility, feel, and functions make this phone superb
Folds up, loud ringer &amp; it vibrates.
Phone Book, Backlit, Vibrating
clamshell design, small size, durable construction, good ergonomics, efficient menus, good performance
Small, discreet, well-built, long battery life, readable display. Belt holster very handy.
small, lightweight, easy to read display, long battery life, very durable
great phone. has tons of features
Size, Sound, Internet Ready, Signal Strength
size, flip
It's a cute little phone to fold up and carry around
Dual band, very small, lots of third-party accessories
Lightweight, Small, Easy to Use
Small size, descent size screen
Small, and lightweight
little
Small, compact, nice clip for attaching to your belt
Small, light, flexible settings
Easy to program
Small, nice features
small, lightweight, belt clip is very handy
Ultra-light and Portable.
Small, not bulky, light-weight, slim design, phone holster is easy to use, timers helpful
Small and convenient to use
Light-weight, small, durable, easy to use, stylish
Clear sound, loud ringer, loaded w/ features
Great phone, durable, great reception.
Size and display
small, discreet belt clip, lots of memory
Size
Small, lightweight
Comfortable feel during use. Simple to use. Good volume and reception.
Durable, Battery life, flip.
Features, battery life
The pro for this phone is that it is very compact.
Durable, sleek
Small, lightweight, easy to use
Small, Good battery charge, easy to use
It looked nice, was appealing
Durability, compact, features, storage capacity, LCD display clarity.
Great reception.  Easy to use features.  Great size.
Great features, great tiny size, great battery life, great phone.
Lets me do what ever I want to it.
Small size, flip phone, Good range of features.
Small, lightweight, caller id outside of flip, multi feature, comes with hands free
small and compact
size, battery life, features, extra lcd, coverage
Colourful, Compact Phone.
Size, User Friendly
small, but hard to lose, good interface, excellent reception
Compact phone with basic essentials on display of front flip cover
Small, compact.  Many features.
Small, compact, fits in pocket
Wonderful reception, portable
Cheap and Small
small size; Alarm clock; caller ID on outside; easy to navigate menus; Wireless Web
Flip phone, scratches less, nice visual
Durable, easy to use, long battery life, takes a beating and keeps on ticking!
Small, lightweight
features and price
Price and simplicity
Great reception, great battery life, overall great phone.
Battery life; reception; size, portability; silver color
Everything the V120C has plus more.  Snub antenna won't break!
Slim design is comfortable to hold; I LOVE the blue backlighting!
Bright light-up display, loads of features, ease of use
Size, ease of use, features
Clarity, battery life, price ($19.95 with car charger)
Easy to program.  Nice blue screen and backlit keypad.  Nice selection of ringtones.
Backlight is neat.
Clear, nice size, (I don't like too small phones), low price
lots of cute rings, adequate phone book/navigation/backlit
easy to use features, easy to read screen, variety of ring tones, voice activated dialing
lightweight, small, headset compatible, travel charger included
Small size, headphone included, infrared, vibrating mode.
menus, text-messages, durability, battery-life, ease of use
Infrared, Surfs the Internet, Functions as a Wireless Modem, Small/Lightweight & Durable design
Size, IR capabilities, Call clarity, More than enough memory
Small size, durable, packed with features. Has a vibrate alert.
Small, lightweight, long battery life
Features and price.
nice size and 'fit' in the hand
Easy to use, great battery life, variety of ringtones and faceplates to buy.
Hand feel, functionality, performance, internal antenna, changeable covers.
Good form factor, decent reception, easy to use
Small, cool looking, vibrates, easy menu use
Changeable housing, good talk time, strong basic features, low price tag, compact
Little, Web enabled, PC connectivity, IR connection
Small size, lots of functions, great price. It's a Nokia.
Easy to use, Internet, Email, SMS and VERY Customizable
small, lightweight, easy to use, lots of features
Very pocketable, no antenna protrusion; Text & e-mail capable; Calendar for reminders and call-log info.
Small, attractive, has good games
Size, Price, Weight, Options
Lots of features, easy to use
Compact size, Excellent vol. control, Full of features
Small, many cover options, text messaging
Ease of use. Lightweight. Customizable.
Lightweight, easily customized, relatively inexpensive, good clarity
Size, features, infrared data port, desktop software, awesome ear piece
Just the right size, cheap(er)
Small size, no flip cover to break, no antenna to snap, good battery life
Cool design, IR port, solid address book UI, and long standard battery life.
Loads of features, e-mail, voice clarity, display
Small,very easy to use,reception & clarity, 2-way Text messages!!
Full featured, Great Price
Lightweight, intuitive interface, long battery life, loaded with features, great price
InfraRed,
Convenient, profiles, good charger
Small size, lack of external antenna make it easy to fit in a pocket
Small, easy to use, best reception I have had, faceplates, now it's cheap!
Nice size.  No external antenna to easily break.
Small, relatively lightweight, comfortable to hold, durable, excellant for price
Nice size, good screen, no exterior antenna
IR port, vibrator, seems durable
Durable, cheap
Small & compact, packed with features, ability to change covers
solid construction; responsive; IR port; loud volume; internal battery; small
Reliable, full-featured, great bang-for-the-buck.
Small, battery lasts long, fun rings to download!
Vibrating function, small, convenient
Sturdy, nice price, many features, easy manuverability.
Vibrates, IR capable, Internet ready, clear view screen, clarity of conversation great, Many great features!
Size, IR Capability
WAP,Infra-Red,
just about everything
Good Size, Very Functional, Great Features, Easy to Use, Great Battery
Rugged, Sleek, Customizable, Pocket-sized, Internal Antenna, Great Price
lots of features for a small price,&#13;&#10;good size,
Perfect Size, Right Amount of Features
Smaller and Lightweight
Small,lightweight and has an infrared beaming feature
Size, features, ease of use, durability
Fairly small, lots of features.
Price......
Size is just right.  Loaded with features that most people use.
Just about the best phone I've had yet, guess the seventh times a charm.
Graphics are about the only thing that's good
Size/weight, illuminated keypad and screen, internal antenna, features, apparent durability.
small, lightweight, lots of features
small size, GREAT reception, super clarity during calls, cool features, ability to personalize
Compact size, Lots of neat features including iR communication with PDA's and Notebooks
lightweight, built-in vibrating alert, reminders, front & back color covers, downloadable ring tones
size, features, text messaging, downloadable ringtones, calc,compatible with palm pilot, interchangeable faceplates and accessories
Changeable covers, internet, downloadable ringtones, memory space
lightweight, easy to handle, sharp looking, comfortable to talk on
Size, ease of use, very good reception.
Easy to use, Amazing Interface, Cheap, Almost Too Many Options
Send/receive data via phone's infrared port to other IR-equipped handheld devices such as Palm
User friendly, many features like the 8260 series phone
small size, no annoying antenna, ease of use, price
Size, Battery Life, Internet Ready
It's small, and it vibrates.  The games are updated with a bit of graphical enhancement.
cool looking
Changeable case, Ring tones, Good screen
Perfect size, Features, Customizable, Battery, Reception
Reliable, rugged, easy to use
clear sound, easy to use menus, compact
Great Antenna, Perfect Size, Nokia Menu
Compact Size, Designed Well, Full of Features, IR Port
Great functionality, they didn't cut corners on this one!
good reception and options
Full of features, price is right, feels good in hand
compact, affordable, good battery life
Small, lightweight, silent allert.
It's cute.
Size, look, vibrate, easy menu
Often comes free when you sign up for phone service, as it did for me.
None that I can think of, well it is fairly small
Cheap, great size, not too big or small, durable!!
Small, Vibrates, multiple ringtones
Small, compact
Packed full of features, downloadable content, easy to use.
-Easy to use
Web Enabled, no antenna, small, changeable faceplates, ect...
Small
Integrated vibrate alert, one-touch dialing, large address book, text messaging.
Can be obtained for Free
Compact, durable, inexpensive, easy to change faceplates and downloadable ring tones.
UNBREAKABLE!!!; Plenty of function; Good reception; Compact Size;
Small, dependable, tons of features, state-of-the-art
Compact, Trendy, Functional
Small, Looks cool,
Does a lot
Small, cool features, attractive
Can't think of any
Great Reception.
Small design, convenient address book.
Small size, mostly clear
For the month or so it works, it works well.
lightweight, easy to use, very cute
Tri-Mode, small, changeable face plates, inexpensive
Everything!
compact, lots of features, vibrator
Very durable, internal antenna, simple animation. Text message, email, even AOL Instant Messanger capable.
Wickedly long standby time
Great design, small in size, simple to use
Decent battery, vibrate, faceplates, lots of ringtones, small.
Good long lasting cell phone
Small, Cheap, Durable
small size, easy to use, great menus and features
lightweight compact design, ease of use
Great reception, good menu, nice size.
Compact, light and easy to open and close
Size, Weight, Carrying Holster, Stylish, Great Reception
Small, light, navigable menu system, good battery life
Size, Durable, Ease of use
Nice looking phone, ample features, good reception.
Design
Low price, ease of use
Fabulous for the price and great in its day.
Light. Reasonably cheap and enough games to enjoy.
low price, durable quality
Tough and Rugged.
Good build, lot of accessories and support, user friendly for phonebook and SMS.
Rugged design, good features, not too bulky, battery
signal quality better than i700 - less/no dead zones
Excellent features, two way radio, small and light weight.
Lightweight, ease of use, display icons
Web enabled, small size, light weight, large display screen, send and receive email, faxes.
Speaker phone, Two way radio, Battery Life
2-way radio, speakerphone, instant silent mode
Direct Connect
Two-way radio, speakerphone and alphanumeric paging
Walkie Talkie function is very handy
lightweight, great features
small, light, long battery, direct-connect
Lots of features in a relatively compact package
Direct-Connect walkie-talkie functionality, built in speakerphone
Loads of features, superb speaker phone, battery life
Two way talk system
compact, light, and easily manageable, fun to use!
Small, Flip design, Net capable, Voicemail, 2 way radio, caller ID
many partnerships
SPEAKER PHONE!  Direct Connect feature.
Compact, can get 2 for 1 deal, two way radio, good antenna, great for babysitting
Clarity - Size - Battery Life
Phone+Pager+Radio all in one, Cool looks
Speaker Phone, 2-way radio, text paging
Cellphone and handsfree kit in one
Super features, good sounding audio, web access
two way radio!
Speakerphone, good sound, excellent all-around
speakerphone, Nextel rounds to nearest second
Light, and is pager, phone, and walkie talkie
Looks cool
Works Everywhere, No Roaming Charges, Internet Access starting 01/2000
Size, look, durability and direct connect.
Light weight, good features great battery
Walkie Talkie, Speaker phone, Battery life
Contains three services in one.
Speakerphone, Durable
Small size, easy to use, great clarity
Small, compact
Makes a great door stop!
works well indoors, great features
Walkie-Talkie feature plus speakerphone
Two-way radio feature, rugedness, vibration alert
Speakerphone, neat design (like a classic Trek communicator)
Great Phone
Service, size, see through display, speakerphone, one second billing &#13;&#10;
Small, Flip design, Net capable, Voicemail, 2 way radio, Caller ID
Two way radio, Many features
Compact, see-thru cover, speakerphone
everything
speaker-phone, well-designed
Small with many, many features
talk without holding phone
direct-connect feature, address book.
long battery life
Unlimited Two Way Calls
cost effective especially if you use 2-way,  nationwide service
Less need to use telephone air time
Nice looking, good battery life
Speakerphone, VibraCall, DirectConnect
semi-small size, great sound quality, 4 different usage options
Compact; Speakerphone Is Great; Radio Function; Plastic Holster
Ease of use, light weight, small, internet capable.
Speakerphone, two-way radio
radio
Great coverage, excellent clarity &amp; reasonable rates.
Great features
free walky-talky system
Too many features to list, lightweight, good battery time and very reliable service
clear communication, easy to use, very portable and compact
Speakerphone, two-way radio, e-connections (text pages, web capable, etc).
Laden with useful features, good performance
absolutly none
Cheap, small, and gets reception everywhere
Good features
Excellent sound, good features
compact, two way radio, great features
small, walkie talkie, cheap
Cool design, great features
everything
Convenient size
Nice concept, but rarely works
ability to hold a charge
Lightweight, speakerphone, no roaming fees
light weight, speakerphone, data support
features & features, easy to program, small, very durable, great support
Easy to use, great features
Very good product
Great sound quality, awesome features
Speaker Phone, Direct Connects, Small, Compact
Web Enabled
Great Clarity (when in service), Direct Connect, Great new improvement!
see above
2way radio,regular phone features ,size,durability,legibility.
Compact, easy to use
NONE
Small, with nice 2 way radio
small, very nice looking, and clear
The reception is always clear. From the most remote places!
Small, 2way radio is great, easy to read
Small in size, reliable and durable
Incredible browsing, easy interface
Features, and Nextels service
speaker phone, voice mail, great reception, 2-way radio, flip-up speaker that allows phone to become full size, long-lasting battery, and very portable
small size, powerful and hands free
Speaker phone
Overall design, features and battery life
Internet surfing ability and people think you are Captain Kirk
Features, battery time, clear reception
Clarity
everything
It works
It is both a 2-way radio and a phone.
Commercial quality communication at excellent pricing
2-way radio
If you use the walky talky feature...its free
mail, paging, voice mail, phone, walkie-talkie in one
size   weight  features   call clarity
cheaper rates, larger range
Handsfree speakerphone, quick charging battery and long standby time
Two-way messaging, great clarity
The speaker phone is amazing in reach and clarity, excellent web browsing.
small, a lot of features
Great  customer  service  and  recieption
Lightweight
its a motorola. 2-way radio, good reception
Great CB quality, tough outer shell, works well long distance
Compact, direct connect is nice.
direct connect, see through cover, large display screen
small, versatile, easy to use
I don't like them
small light weight
everything!!
Affordable, Lightweight, Secure
Speaker phone, light weight, dependable
Lightweight, Compact compared to other Nextel phones
Durability, sound quality, speaker phone quality.
you could contact your love one
Too many to list
Product has the features I want
Tons of features
tons of features!!
Speakerphone, lightweight, great battery life w/ monitoring
Bluetooth, price, AMAZING features
Bluetooth, motion detection, excellent audio (RF) quality, battery life, price.
Every feature a power user may want.
Bluetooth, IR, GSM, light weight, great accesories
It is phone, if you can get it to work.
Small, clear and lightweight!
Nice array of features, long lasting battery, no big problems
Nice sleek style with good clarity and lots of features for the $
cheap, light, clear, easy to use menus, cool covers
sleek, nice features, clear, you can change colors, nice display, cheap, web enabled&#9;
Cheap, some useful features, phone wraps, good sound quality
Sleek shape, light, easy to change color, web capable, clear
Easy to use.
Sleek design, light weight, affordable, belt clip included, skins included
fun, cute, easy to set up, light, durable
Ping Pong Messaging, easy use, cheap
Different choice of covers
Really cool looking, small
Compact; rugged; comfortable to hold; quality construction
Solid feel, easy operation
It has the feature you would expect.
lots of features
web enabled, easy to use, fast recharges
A great phone.Easy to use and has a lot of options. Very clear.
easy to use, fun colors, unique
Looks nice and very helpful
price,its cute,has all basic needed features
Small, sleek, cute, durable, fun, handy, covers come in cool colors!
clear, small, and light weight
Compact and lightweight, menu likes on Windows, 28 languages of menu, good sound and sensitivity
Ericsson has good service centers.
Compact, flexible, light.
The next generation in convergent audio technology
Small, many many features
A Top Class Mobile Phone.
A very classy and high performing phone
thin, goodlooking
Almost everything - especially style, size/weight &amp; features
Very compact, vibration alarm, voice dialing
tetris &amp; solataire
Features, Battery Life, Portability, Robustness
Small and elegant.  Very good reception even in buildings.
Small, Light, Blue backlight, Vibracall
looks, size
Slim Handset
Sleek , Robust
Size, sleekness, battery
All features like- Voice Dial, Vibrating Alert, Profiles etc.
Size, Style, Vibrate mode, Battery life
Style and Functionality included in the one phone, GREAT customer service
cute and user-friendly
Very Very light and small indeed, Dirt cheap, Quite stylish.
Small, light, great features
Small, cute
Very suave looking, flashy and KEWL!!
design, options
Small size, decent battery life, range of accessories, excellent menu system
PDA and phone integration, color screen
cell phone/palm pda combo all work as expected. lots of 3rd party enhancements. speakerphone.
Slick unit, great features and ease of use
Small, Color screen and well my external brain.
Great speakerphone, nice dialing thru address book, good pda, fast internet browser, ir beaming
Excellent integration of phone, internet, email.  Very stylish
Combination phone, looks great, large screen
Just what you'd expect/hope.  Features are solid.
Everything!
- better than the handspring treo 300
Great size, All-in-1, Great reception, Speaker phone, Wireless Internet
Incredibly versatile; ergonomically perfect; easy to use and navigate; very durable.
Great form factor; perfect blend of features
Seems well built
nice phone, fun toy
There are no pros for this device
Sturdy; Great Looking; User Friendly; Basic Features Done Well
Light weight, sleek look, value for money mobile
Perfect mobile for young people
*Voice recording.&#13;&#10;*Strong vibration .&#13;&#10;*Small size .&#13;&#10;*Shortcut button .
--
Vibrations, Alarm, Soft keys, Small
Long battery life, Small,  Clear Sound.&#13;&#10;Switches from digital to analog automatically
Small, light, Hands-Free Car Kit a HUGE plus, good reception.
Sturdy
THIN, sturdy, holds lots of numbers, long battery.
All the many features this phone has to offer!
Small, lightweight, lots of features, generally user friendly.
Ease of use, features, battery life
small, light, nice design, display, features
Lots of features
None
Size
Great interface, lots of useful features
A Nice phone.....
Great extra feature like Calendar, Alarm and PROFILES!!!
Good RF performance, nokia menu easy to use. Profiles rock! Great battery life.
size, executive features, great reception ? world traveler.
Great battery life, Small, Light-weight, Good reception/signal
Super light and tiny, great battery, powerful programming.
SMALL!!! LIGHT!!! Easy to access phonebook.
Very portable, sleek, tons of accessories and user replaceable parts, good reception.
Very attractive and modern-looking. Small and not heavy. User-friendly.
Very Small, Light weight, Clear sound quality, Custom keys and menu
SUPER SMALL!!  Motorola product.  Long battery life.
small size/large phonebook/feature packed
Very Clear, Large Phone Book, Lots of Ring Tones, Online Capablitity
Small, sleek, sturdy,world-class, recognizable
Small, lightweight, attractive, customization is easy.
good-looking, good features
Very small,lite, and stylish. Decent signal and battery life.
Portable, lightweight, and stylish. simple, great for the buisnessman/woman.INCREDIBLY DURABLE
Works in Europe as well
small sleek phone
perfect small size; accessible phone book, easy to enter phone numbers, understandable menu
Small, affordable.
Very Small and light weight.  Decent sound quality.  Good battery life.
Light, durable, good reception, fashionable
Camera/Video.
Solid standard phone features
Big Screen, Good Camera, Symbian Operating System, Cheap,
Great Colour Screen
organizer functions - Color camera and display - video abilities
graphics, sound
PDA functionality, photo caller ID, sleek design, lightweight and compact, external LCD
Color display, compact, wireless web enabled, user friendly
Color screen, outer caller ID display, flash appeal, and quality
Sleek, silver, and in color, showing off the technology just starting in the US.
sharp display, crisp sounds, lots of features (photo caller ID!)
The color screen is cool. The LCD screen on the outside.
Awesome Color Screen, very light; good show-off phone
COLOR, eye catcher, design, midi rings, photos on the screen
Small, light weight, sleek, dual LCDs, solid construction, large screen.
Nice looking, cool features, great phone book implementation, user friendly, nice ringtone.
small, good reception, color lcd screen
midi rings, color display, bright screen
compact size, color LCD, outside LCD, big buttons, lots of features, wireless web
Color screen, ability to download midi files and pictures
Everything on this Phone is top Quality.
The look and the Picture feature. THATS IT!!
nice color screen,great ring tones,easy use pc sync mode,very light and durable
Design, covers, light weight
Cheap. Available. Works with my network. Inexpensive 3rd party accessories.
Good battery life, nice size, good reception
No bills, no statements, and plenty of free services!
cute design, many free additions
Durable, lightweight, great sound quality, easy to use.
Easy to operate, durable, stylish, good phone for a small price.
Rugged, dependable, 2-Way Text Messaging as well as voice, good value
Cute! Easy to talk on. Clearer than most other phones. Great phone for your money!
Attractive Cosmetic Look
Stylish, durable...
Small, light, good features.
small, light, lots of features
Nokia 8310
Its phone-radio capability is everything you wish you had 3 years ago.
It can supply people convenience and comfortable.
FM radio, nice backlit screen
good looking, large information reserves volume
Sleek, stylish look, good software, easy to use.
I loved it, it was small, cute and had great colours.
Well designed external LCD, very convenient form factor, good sound quality and reception.
Lightweight and tiny; large display for its size; web access, calendar, calculator
Great looks, solid overall build quality
small, lightweight, outer LCD display is awesome
Great design, small size, useful external LCD
Small, Lightweight, external caller id box
Full featured, easy to carry
Excellent size, external LCD
Small, sleek
compact, durable, chicks dig it, ease of use, lcd on outside with caller id
Great price, small, most of the special features i like, large easily browseable phone book
First and best mobile phone i ever owned
Stylish, small, works well - fits in pocket easily.
LIGHT STURDY SLEEK IN STYLE
Smaller, user friendly phone with direct connect
Small design, Lots of options, overall good phone
Affordable, durable, reliable, versitile, chicks dig it.
Compact size. Flip design. Basic features. Two way plus cellular.
Long Battery Life, Nice Size, Great Design, Walke Talkie, Most Normal Features, Cheap
Smaller than most other Nextel phones, voice activated dialing, nifty blue backlighting
Small in size, long battery life, it works
easy to use, direct connect, cool looking, its a nextel
Nice design, relatively small, loud ring alerts, speakerphone.
Easy to use, durable
None.
this phone is very easy to use and has good reception, clear as a bell.
Voice dialing and recorder, compatible with GSM and TDMA networks
Sleek, feature-rich, exceptional reception, Voice Commands
Works just about everywhere, light weight, battery life
Large memory, easy to dial
Incredibly solid build. Easy interface. Good features for price.
Incredible sound quality and reception, decent features, multi-networks give ultimate covarage, Nokia user interface
Excellent signal Strength, call clarity, and voice dial capabilities
Nokia Branded; Outstanding Battery Life; WORKS AS ADVERTISED!!!
Works great on the Cingular GAIT plan.  Better national coverage.
Small and light weight, web enabled, downloadable ringtones.
Packed with features for the price
Nokia name brand, battery life, voice activated dialing
big screen, pretty good battery life, great for messaging
Great battery life
sexy, sleek look, great reception and voice quality, amazing battery life
Slim Design, great volume
New technology, great features, good price, voice dialing
Light, sleek, no antenna, great sync, good PIM.
Sleek, antenna-less design; features galore
Multi-band: GSM, TDMA, Analog
The phone is light-weight and easily fits in any purse or brief case.
Long battery live. Easy to use.
Nothing I can think of at the moment.
Fairly small.  Good battery life.  Fair features.
The light weight design makes it very handy. We like the clear "land line" quality.
Voice dialing seems to work great.
Excellent  signal performance, call quality, battery life
The battery life is great.
Long battery life
TDMA+GSM, Long Battery Life, Very Clear, Doubles as a PDA
Picks up a signal everywhere, great for traveling, sturdy, not too small, a dependable cellphone.
Multi band, good for rural areas that do not have GSM coverage.
Easy menu navagation
So small it fits in your pocket, lots of features, great sound!
Has many features, it's lightweight and doesn't require much storage room.
Stylish and full of features; convenient, small and user-friendly
bigger screen, buttons; better battery; screensaver; Internet; more personal ringtones, profiles; uses old Nokia stuff
Easy to Handle and  Easy to use.
Small size, lightweight, user friendly
Small, bright backlight, easy-to-use buttons and menus, no antenna
Fully customisable, music ringtones, games, lightweight, stylish, etc.
compact, durable, excellent sound quality, good storage capability, large font screen for visibility
Loudness
Good looking, small, light-weight phone. Loaded with features.
small, compact and comfortable.  Good reception where I am
Small, great features, easy to use, ringtone composer
very sturdy
Sturdy, Small, Made By Nokia.
It came free with the service
Nice color screen
Reception, Screen, Ringers, Speaker, & lightweight!
Big bright screen, solid construction, easy buttons, intuitive operation
Display easy to read
Solid construction and great signal strength. Feels good to use.
EXCELLENT RECEPTION,EASY TO HEAR INCOMING CALLS,EASY TO PROGRAM,INTERNET READY
Excellent reception
screen, looks, reception, voice quality
Excellent screen/ Gets decent reception/ Big compared to other flips/ Pretty solid phone (not flimsy)
Speaker phone.
Light, ergonomic design, easy to use and navigate, sturdy, lots of features.
good battery life, very clear
Good voice dial option, light weight, it was free
Battery life, predictive text input, sleek appearance, voice dialing.
An affordable replacement that adds lacking features of previous 120 models
Sleek design, battery life, voice-activated dial, High Capacity Phone Book
Good reception, long battery life, lightweight
light weight, small, web ready
battery life, durability, customizable ring tones
Battery Life, Backlight Display, Memory
Good design, large enough to press the right buttons
Form, comfort, features
Size, voice
The appearance is it's greatest asset. Reception and clarity are also good.
Long battery life
Easy to see screen, sturdy build, solid reception.
Good looking. Light weight. Lots of features.
good battery life, very durable
size, ease of use
small, compact design that is modern and offers a fair amount of features
Small,discrete and lots of great features in a small pkg.
small, lightweight, if you have experience with cell phones, it's easy to use.
looks great, voice dialing, voice notes
Small and light, blue backlighting.
Made by Motorola.
battery life, sound clarity, gets the job done.
- SMS communication
Small and compact
small, easy to use
Easy to hold, very clear sound, no zone-outs
size without extra battery
economical, clear, large display face
very THIN, decent standby time, replaces my pager
Flat, long battery life and a few cool features
Excellent sound, good list of features
Great reception, tons of features, easy to use
Nice digital features in an inexpensive phone
small, light, inexpensive
Voice Recognition Hands Free Kit, Memory, Reception
Auto hands free is great, price is right
earpiece forms to your ear, slim design, clarity, serveral options
Thin,light,great features
slim design, durability, call clarity
Easy to use great for all time use
An extremely durable phone.  I've abused this phone and it still works perfectly.
Pretty blue case, thin and light
Small, light weight, interchangeable faceplates, great Qualcomm quality!
lots of features
Thin, thin but yet with enough power to transmit
good sound, small size
Two way radio, cell phone, and pager all in one piece of equipment.  Fairly small, and easy to use.
Very Versatile, Easy to Use and Read Display, Dependable, Well Made.
Easy to use, battery stays charges for long periods, lots of accessories,
Availability
Durable, clear, and 2-way radio.
Features
everything and then some
Comfortable, Compact, FUN!
Two-Way Radio
perfect clarity, wide range of plans available, small and compact
It can be abused, ergonomic shape.
Small, Direct Connect
Radio
awasome cell phone.two way.
They are portable
quick radio communications
2 way walkie
Direct Connect, very durable, battery life
Easy to use
Low price
Two-Way radio, good phone service &amp; clarity
rugged, durable, small, clarity, user friendly
Small and does it all for less $$
good plan and no roaming cost
Great service,Great customer service,Low cost phone
good sound
Two radio
It looks like a southern link radio!&#13;&#10;
Ease  of Use
instant access
2-way radio, clarity, internet access
The size, cost, no contracts, roaming fees etc.
2-way radio
Excellent phones, Excellent service
Convenience, and quality,very seldom static
Easy usage
Everything about it
Excellent clarity, great extra features
Small, Light, Attractive, Loaded with Features, Incredible Backlight
Superb styling, portability, cusomisation, and loaded with features.
Compact, lightweight, better overall backlit screen, good sound clarity
Weight, backlight, stylish design, quite a few improvements.
great Nokia UI, tiny size, nice design, internal antenna
sleek, elegant, great features
Small, Light, Cute looking, Cool White Backlight, Easy to use menus
lightweight, better reception, small, new features
Bright, clear screen.  Simple and quick access to features.
Looks, battery, features, compact, durable
small size, VERY bright light, very user friendly
Small size, sleek look.
Nice Styling and features
stylish, many functions, small
Small but big enough to hold in your hand
backlight, backlight fade effect, easy to read, durable, light, small, good reception.
very small, great battery life, cool lighting
Light, Small, Easy To Use
small, sleek stylish, features
Great reception; great design; easy menu
Has incredible battery life, gets great signal for small phone, and many new features.
Great features, excellent design, light weight
features, size
small, excellent upgrade, cool looks.  This phone rocks!
Small, sleek, white display, battery life, user-friendly
Small and lightweight
Small and compact, easy to use, face plate changeable
Convenient, good keyboard, simple and useful menu, great quality of sound, decent sensitivity, 11 games
Its tiny, the screens amazing, I love it!!!!
Keypad! Function! Games!
11 Games! 47 Tunes! Broadcast(CNN and stocks) Record voice memos
Mine was free, lightweight
small, lightweight and easy to carry
Small, Light, Easy To Use, Not Much Static
Inexpensive, Easy to Use, Plenty of Basic Functions
Lightweight and compact, clear reception
size, battery life(!)
Small, lightweight
very small easy to operate basic functions
Small
Small, easy to use, and some nice features.
small size, clarity
small size, load of features
Compact and light
Good
Small and lightweight, Nice belt clip, good manual
good voice quality, relatively light &amp; compact
Great Size, Great Offers
portable, durable, lightweight
Small, lightweight, portable
small, light, sounds clear
style, size, Motorola reputation, price
small, clear reception, many options
Light Weight , Sleek Design
good reception,light , and easy to use
small size, belt clip holder, charges quickly, great reception, lightweight
Small size, relatively easy functions
nice small comfortable
Size, weight, clearity, options
Small, Takes Abuse Like Nobody's Business,
size and durability
So small you can put it in your pocket and forget about it!
small and very durable.has the motorola toughness.
small, clear lcd, dependable, inexpensive
small light weight
Same great StarTAC looks
Great sound, sturdy, affordable, and small
It's small and looks cool.
Flip phone, Small
Compact, easy to use
Looks good, reliable
Very small and light
Size, cost, ease of use, dependability
Price, very small, auto answer/end calls with flip, well made, easy to read/understand manual
Free with service plan.  Small. Good clarity,
Great size, easy-to-use, clear reception
Extremely dependable
Small, Cost efficient
Economical rate plan
features
Small, lightweight, cheap, reliable, analog
A communication champ!
lightweight, convenient features
everything
Very light, small, long battery life, lots of options
small, light weight, easy to carry
compact, feels like a real phone in open position
compact and easy to carry
Small, Wearable, lightweight
Easy to carry around
Small, light, flip open to answer a call
Lightweight and compact
Very light
small, light, and always with you
It's very portable and small
compactness, ease of use, battery life
small, compact convenient
size, durable
compact size, somewhat easy to use
small
Size, fits anywhere
compact
Little, cute, good sound
Small,Good Battery life
Cheap, easy to use.
Small.  Cute.  A nice phone.
small
Good size
Small, user-friendly, efficient
Portable,lightweight take it anywhere
buy it
size, weight, &amp; features
small, thats about it though
Long use and stand by time
Small, long battery life, easy to use.
Beautiful design... rugged... choc-ful-of features...
Small, stylish, lightweight, feature-rich
Lightweight Good Display Good Reception
Pretty much has every feature you could possibly need, great look
Great sound quality and lots of useful features on an easy to read display.
Smaller, sleeker, multiple numbers: one name, "nubbin" ok button,
Perfect size, good flip opening angle, good ear piece
Clarity, Loud, Long Battery Life, Great Features.
Because it is Nokia 8850!Stylish, Durable, Infrared
Stylish, elegant.
Stylish, great reception, slider is pratical and functional
perfect style-designed, high quality
robust, intuitive
Has a lot of features and looks good to top it off
lots of features, good reception & battery, good design
An all-in-one wonder for the modern mobile warrior
most features, high tech, great phone too
User documentation, durability
wireless, PDA, INTERCOM, FAX, E-MAIL ALL-IN-ONE
Utility, features
Good for business man
Does the job!
pda and phone in one
All in one features
Phone / PDA in 1 / sturdy / sound quality Nice
Fax, Internet, Email, all in one unit. Price! Solid construction.
Looks cool, has some neat games
Flippy clam-phone. Always on email & legible screen & great battery life.
very good converged device, works well as a cell phone
two in one, small, sleek, sexy
A NORMAL size cell phone and a Palm in one package.
Small, awesome color, battery life, form, and functionality.
Phone and PDA, size, long battery life
Perfect size & design, two-in-one device, great at both, and great battery life
Small, stylish, feature-rich, first PDA that actually passes for a phone!
It is a mobile telephone, you can make calls on it.
easy to read screen, lightweight and compact
email enabled, easy to use, great call quality, downloadable ringtones, more
Lightweight, long talk time and standby time
Small, Easy To Use, Lots of Features
Sleek design, portability, customizable in many ways (face-plate, ring-tones, etc.)
Great when it works
Cheaper then haveing a plan on a cell phone
Low cost, Durable, email and downloadable ring tones.
More options and versatility than you can imagine, cool, useful
Cool factor, versatile, only one device to carry
Clear colour screen, handsfree audio, plentiful software, well integrated with phone, good battery.
One device to carry, good features, well-integrated phone and PDA features.
The universal device, powerful, pretty
Does virtually everything. Takes SD and MMC expansion memory cards.
A TOTAL computer in my pocket.
Two features in one. GSM network.
Compact. Well thought out.Cool looking
PDA portion worked well enough; bright screen, nice format.
Everything you need, all in one place.
PDA, Email and phone convergence
One device, anywhere in the world
Nice screen
It was pretty good while it worked.
price, weight, battery life
Customized ringer, speaker monitor, better earpiece and good, solid phone for the price.
Fits right into your pocket, external caller ID, very easy to use
Small size, sound quality, ringer types, simple user interface
Small, external caller ID, big screen, stylish
Very small,tons of useful features, flip phone, external LED, strong ear phone
Big buttons, Small Phone, Good battery life.
Size, Monitor on feature, Loud and clear voice, good connection
Smallest phone around. Great sound. Dual band. Voice dialing.
The size of the phone and the options of choice.
Small and Looks cool
Small, Attractive, Long Battery Life
Small, ext. CID, Scheduler w/ repeating events, voice dial
Very compact, nice looks, external display, external LED, lotsa features
Small, great reception, extremely intuitive.
Sleek, slim design; durable; plethora of features; good battery life;
Small, light, fully functional phone for a great price.
Good-looking phone
Form factor,screen size,voice clarity,signal holding strength,PIM functionality
Stylish, slim, light, packed with nice features
Small, sleek.
Great size, easy to use
light weight, AIM, Yahoo features, compact design!
Good reception, Excellent battery life, well designed
Compact, LOTS of features, good sized screen, Good Clarity. Voice Activated
good connection when talking with others
none
Small.
compact
Small, flip cover, decent menu system, general feature set is good
scheduler, games, clear signal, stylish.
Easy to navigate interface, plenty of features, looks good.
Style.  Voice dialing.  Easy to set silent mode.  Compact design.  Good battery.
Everything
Great sound quality&#13;&#10;One-hand operation&#13;&#10;voice dialing&#13;&#10;one-touch headset compatible
easy access phone book
Small, great features, easy to use
Great phone with cool features.
Friendly interface, can set different rings for each number in your phone book, calendar, to-do-list.
Small, attractive, excellent sound and signal reception, LOTS of features
Features, price.
Easy to read LCD screen&#13;&#10;Programming is a snap
good interface
Small, Light Weight, Easy to navigate, lots of options
Extremely reliable, medium cool factor for younger people
Small, light weight, good signal and sound quality, and cheap.
small, lightweight, and VERY durable.
Size, Push-To-Talk
Great Display, Speakerphone,Camera a plus
Built-in digital camera, speakerphone, internet ready, plus much more!
See Review
Stylish Flip Phone and Design, Integrated Speakerphone, Integrated Camera, Nice Applications
Flip design, downloadable ring tones, speakerphone, camera.
Sleek design, able to use MP3 as ringtone, nice display, sturdy build.
good crisp color screen
Comfortable feel, Stylish design, World Phone, Awesome ringtones
Loud speaker phone, flip-design, large screen, clear display
Several great features, good sound, good signal
Sharp Display, Good Quality, MP3 Ringtones, Acceptable Camera, Sturdy Feel, Quad-Band GSM, speakerphone, 5MB memory.
Polyphonic sound, camera, SIM card, speakerphone, outside display, good volume, long battery life, great price!!
Stylish, colorful display screen, speaker phone, expensive
Attractive, good size, easy to navigate, great volume, and more...
flip phone, external display, large color screen
low-end Cameraphone, mp3 ringtones, 65K color display, mediocre speakerphone, USB port for uploading/downloading
takes good pictures
decent camera phone, user friendly format
Sleek, handy, light, trendy, super cool.
great sound,great camera, great game support.
Beautiful outside, beautiful inside, awesome user interface, good pictures, good features
Stylish, long battery life at first, semi durable, now has second generation
Color screen, Phonebook, Text messaging, Alarm, speakerphone
mp3 ringtones, camera, WAP access, good reception
time & caller id on cover, loud speaker, sharp screen, recording function, camera, games selection.
attractive phone,nice camera
Styling; Display.
Sleek
Sturdy after being dropped.
Great color! Great picture capacity for the camera! Awesome battery life! Sleek style! Decent Pictures
vivid screen (when working), loud ringtones, sleek design
some of the pros include: looks, price, features, camera, battery life, screen
Design, a flip phone, and easy to operate
screen, games, camera, speakerphone, mp3 ringtones
Ok camera
The screen, sound quality
Camera phone,Lots of camera features, budget price
I had good coverage with Cingular.
cool factor
good signal nice overall phone
Small size, external caller ID, crisp screen, decent camera, good battery life
Features
good screen, speakerphone, ringtone speaker is clear.  Has a good camers
Looks pretty
its pretty and takes nice pictures
Clear screen, small
good  to have a camera with you all the times  able to send photos.
stylish, silver flip phone, camera, voice activated calling.
User friendly; great reception; attractive in appearance.
Styling, Battery Life, Features, Price
Lots of features, nice blue/silver combo, great reception, awesome battery life.
Looks, reception, battery life, lots of features for the price
Easy to navigate.  Backlighting makes it easy to see.
Free, Works good
Background light is cool
Great reception, easy to learn how to use.
Price, features, appearance, battery life, locking features
great reception, nice feel in hand, antenna doesn't break, nice blue backlight
Nice design, display, backlighting, and holster connector.
Very attractive design and blue screen
Gorgeous body, new features, unbendable antenna, cheap with promotions.
Size; easy carry. Plenty of cool features. Bright, good quality, easily read color display.
Small, light, compact
Looks, design, size
Small .. nothing else good about it
stand-by time increased, better text messaging, on-the-fly PTT groups, & size.
SIZE, durability, speakerphone.
Very pretty phone that makes an excellent paper-weight.
Very small and does it all
None that compel me to write about
Looks good.
as seen on NBC's Las Vegas and Law & Order
small, compact, durable, simplicity of user interface
Sleek Phone, Color Screen
Pretty. Wallpapers, and MIDI ringtones.
Nice size, cute and pretty, easy to carry, nice color screen
Small size, cool bronze design (women dig it), easiest Nextel user interface yet.
small, solid, extra thought put into phone and charger.
Price, speakerphone, email capabilities, weight
Small, lightweight, eye-catching phone with good reception
Size, Sonics, Appearance, Phone book configuration, Vibrating alert, Speaker phone
Light weight, small, build-in vibrating alert, decent battery power and T9
VERY light, very small, clear buttons and menus.
Compact and Sleek,Features
Light, cool looking, nice phonebook features
address book,
Small and light weight.
small, good features
Light weight, looks good, reasonable price, good reception
- small
Lightweight, compact, aesthetically pleasing, text message and email capabilities, multiple numbers per person in phonebook
look, price
Great reception, and pretty durable
Size, ease of data entry, ease of use.
Size, Features, Battery Life, Motorola Reputation
Great construction; Great performance; Good features; Just about ergonomically perfect
Unsurpassed build quality, Features, Performance, Price, Everything else
Advanced technology, very well-designed and reliable. Feature-packed.
High quality construction and performance, solid features.
fairly inexpensive for a flip phone; lots of ringtones included
Compact, stylish, lightweight, and reasonably sturdy
Small, Sturdy, Good Battery Life
battery life, look (sleek), small
Small, stylish, feature packed, easy to learn and use
Battery life, easy to use, calculator
Good phone, very compact
Good clarity, excellent standby reception.
Durable, Clear Reception, Easy to use interface
Small size
Capability to assign different ring tones to numbers.
&gt;Nice size
Nice feel and better User interface for Motorola.
Excellent voice quality in standard handsfree and a terrfic speakerphone mode.
Durable; Strong Antenna; Excellent Reception; Voice Dialing; Good User Interface
Quality, ease of usage, color screen, battery life and clarity.
Durable, All the right features
Excellent sound quality, solid build, sleek styling
reception, etc. Everything but the antenna.
Sleek, small, durable
Flip phone is compact.
excelent sound quality, stylish, compact, lots of features, flip phone
looks cool
Attractive
Compact, sturdy, great features, great quality
Sleek, slim, light weight, great battery life...
Size, ease of use, reliability, feature-laden, stylish
Size and style
Sleek, Lightweight, Durable, Awesome battery life.
Looks great, compact, loud rings, many options without being confusing
UNIQUE DESIGN, NICE COLORS, GOOD VOLUME
Nice small and inexpensive, the plans for this phone are also inexpensive.
Small, stylish, ease of use
Size
This phone is small sleek and just plain looks nice.
size
Extremley good Reception Classy look and stilying
Attractive look, small, external screen
Voice activated dialing, personalized ring tones, many options
Flip phone, voice recognition, simple to use, battery life, style
Small, Looks cool
Wonderful size phone, and great features
None - buy anything else
Small, very fashionable phone
Small, Stylish, Easy To Use, Crystal Clear!!!!
small, modern looking, long talk time
size, looks, features, software usability
Phone is clear and signal reception is very good.  Stylish.
Sleek, sophisticated.  The Motorola V60 is a perfect combination of form and function.
Small, durable, large phonebook volume, cool snap sound when closing
none
Cool gadgets
Speakerphone, small, lightweight, flip phone, multiple rings, downloadable rings, vibrate, silent, battery life
small,sturdy, light
Simple and solid.  No whiz-bang junk to break or malfunction.
Great look, feel, reception throughout USA, sturdy, battery life.
Looks cool
Good reception, LCD clear and well laid-out, easy to learn.
Voice Dialing
Lightweight, simple, sleek looking, display screen.
Looks cool
Large phonebook memory, lots of message space
Creative phone covers.
Large screen
Small. Awesome battery Life. Really good menu systems.
It could do a lot of stuff.
small, light weight, all around good phone.
Thinner, compatible with accessories (mostly)
CDMA Technology Allows Connectivity To Laptop, Faceplates, Lithium Polymer Battery Capable
lightweight, easily portable, large number of ringtones
Lightweight, good battery, easy to use
Very slick and attractive, portible, lightweight, Ringtones, faceplates,Good sound quality...ect
Pull-Out Antenna, Tri-Mode, WebBrowser and Text Msging Enabled
Nothing special.  I suppose it is a typical cell phone.
Clear sound, easy to understand features, inexpensive
Cool style, great battery life, extremely clear, easy to use!
Fair soud quality, Cool color face plates, It's a Nokia, Please read for more
Good size, easy navigation, changeable faceplates in fun colors
Nice feel, easy to dial, clear large printout, changeable ring tones, tri mode
Call clarity, Internet capable, durable.
Good battery life
Tri-mode, standard Nokia features (ring tones, etc.)&#13;&#10;
Interesting Keypad Layout; Lots of Features; Takes Digital Photos
Easy to use, practical, "cool"
Unique design, loudspeaker, video recorder, digital camera, voice dialing, IR port, MMC memory slot.
excellent battery, stellar reception, great camera, lots of third-party support
Camera, downloadable apps, great editing, versatile phonebook, fun, light, good reception, huge screen
Massive Screen, Great Functionality, Bluetooth, Image Quality
Ability to laugh derisively at people who have 3650's and think they're "really neat"
design, features: bluetooth, modem, pim, voice recorder, expandable memory, camera
Many seemingly nifty features
built-in camera; nice color display
So many features, huge colorful screen
Head-turning design, excellent reception and sound quality, tons of features.
Easily viewable, oversized screen, Cool Factor, Nokia's wonderful menu system,
Bluetooth, reception, expandability, decent camera
Features, display, bluetooth, quality/reception.
Sound Qualtiy, Built in Digital Camera, Expandable Memory, Excellent Contacts Manager
Good phone with tons of features and expandability to boot.  Has an MMC card slot!
Bluetooth, screen, custom menus for power computer user - totally inaccessible to the regular user.
Tri-band allows you use your phone in majority of the foreign countries.
easy to use lighted round keypad, large screen, video recorder and camera, voice tag
Blue tooth,infrared,Modem,VGA Camera, VGA Screen,Video Recorder,Gr8 Picture quality,Tri Band,Speaker Phone &16 MB Memory
Big screen, symbian, bluetooth, vga camera, replaceable faceplates, mmc slot
Large screen, still/video camera, features aplenty
So many features, cool design, very lightweight, big color screen
Very cool phone, stylish and superb features.
Bright clear display, loads of features, memory card
Camera, video, bluetooth
Camera feature is cool but only for a couple weeks.
Packed with features, great style, light weight
Tons of features, cool design and keypad.
triband (GSM-compatible); backlit numbers, fun camera, decent menus + good reception and sound
Digital camera and camcorder... oh and it's a phone too!
Excellent software, bright screen, great reception, powerful battery, very light, Bluetooth, InfraRed, etc
Screen; ring tones; Symbian O/S; bluetooth connectivity; memory expansion; still/video camera; style
Features galore, nice pictures, long battery life.
color screen, reliability
This phone can do mp3,FULL movies,and just about everything but cook you dinner.
clarity and ease of sharing photos, video recorder
Large 4,096 color display, Great digital camera, Memory Card
Bluetooth and IR, nice screen format, camera takes good pictures, fancy look, ringtones, tri-band
Very nice looking phone.
Pictures, video, sound, text and email messaging with these attachments, internet browsing.  Unbelieveable!!!
Clear!!!!
Cool phone, camera takes good quality pictures, large color screen,  web access, lots of ringtones
Camera, good battery life, lots of features, sound quality
BIG screen, a plethora of features, great reception, camera
.
Light,unique,key pad,screen size, faceplate,great images,loud ear piece,one hour charger.
Fun, huge and bright screen, flexible use of memory, infrared port, clarity
Beautiful Color Screen, RECEPTION, Camera, Bluetooth, etc.
Good Screen, nice features, great software
Buttons should be at top
Bluetooth functionality, Symbian operating system, Reception
Big screen, Bluetooth, Built-in Camara, and lots of extras!!!
Camera.
Video, Photos, Easy Menu,  BLUETOOTH
A cornucopia of fantastic features.
Great 640 x 480 resolution on the camera and Great games you can download.
almost everything you can think of.. if not, programs are downloadable
Big display,GSM, SIM card,cool skins,outlook sync
GREAT VOICE CLARITY/QUALITY; CAMERA; VIDEO-RECORDER; GREAT PHONE BOOK ORGANIZER
tons of features, email, calendar, internet, and much more.
has color and a camera
great phone!
Lg screen w/ good resolution, easy to use
Good design, small, voice dial, getting cheaper and cheaper
small, elegant and simple overall interface, good interface shortcuts, great battery life, durable
Lots of features and control over calling functions, lightweight
Loud enough, looks okay, nice weight, for those who like options there are options-galore
Has a "joy stick" for easier use.  Decent reception.
nice size, nice features like calender, calculator
Loud enough, uses Li ion battery
the menu directory was easy to use and the internal light was bright
Light, long talk time, easy to read display
simple, easy to use
Good reception, perfect for a general user. Includes voicemail.
very compact, many nice midi ring tones
Very compact, External LCD, Excellent ringer tones, comfortably-sized keys, stylish.
Very small, lightweight, great ringer tones, good phonebook features
Compact, lightweight, dual LCD's, excellent sound quality, many useful features.
Indiglo screen, good reception, small size, ringtones/vibrate excellent looks, easy-to-navigate menu's, price!
stylish,light, easy to store(small), comfortably sized keys, outer screen, good ring tones, internet access
stylish, size, display and menu set-up, ring tones
Small & Lightweight; very stylish; lots of features
Small, stylish, external caller ID, nice ringers, good battery life
size, ergonomics, earpiece sound quality, phone book layout
Size, Weight, Features, Low Radiation Level!
Great phone, great size, cools games :-)
Great style, ultra compact, big clear screen, reasonable price
Voice activation (how did i live without it), great reception,clarity,looks,weight...need i go on..
Very small, great look, very clear
Good Looking, Small Size
Size,Menu,Voice Features,Reception,Great Ring Tones
Small, range of accessories. Versatile.
Small Size, Fashionable Design, Fun Ring Tones
games, size, colors, basically everything
Very small, long battery life, nice rings, stylish
very small and lightweight
Eco mode, light on/off, speaker phone, cute ring tones
Good looking and is very cheap for what it is
Good speakerphone, sound is clear in digital land almost all of the time, tri-mode
Text Messaging, Tri-Mode, Speaker Phone, Voice Dialing, Bluetooth, Web Access, Good Reception, Voice memos
A speaker phone for Alltel customers.  Other nice ideas.
speaker phone, large screen, clarity, long battery life, voice commands, FM radio feature
Solid, easy to use phone with speakerphone feature.
Great speaker phone, excellent display, friendly, solid functionalilty, wonderful voice features
Signal Strength (Verizon); sound quality; Outlook sync; volume; voice notes; screen doesn't scratch easily
Incredibly strong case, good speaker phone
A great Speaker Phone - Moe than enough features
Good speakerphone, good reception in most areas.
Full featured; Outstanding duplex speakerphone; Sharp Display; Battery life; PIM; Bluetooth technology
Features, durability, size/weight ratio
The 270C has everything you need in a cellular phone and more.
Speaker phone is nice safety feature
Strong, consistent reception! Easy to use, great speakerphone.
Many Features, Easy Access, Speakerphone
Easy to read display, quality speakerphone, battery life
The battery life, loud ring tones and battery life.
Excellent Call Quality and comfortable handset, great ability to get a signal where other-handsets fail.
Lightweight, Good Call Quality, Good Price, fairly rugged
Thin, Simple to Use, Has what I want
Light-weight, nice-size display, loaded with options
Excellent call quality, text messaging, perfect size, great battery life.
Small size, light weight, good battery life, lots of features.
Compact, economical, well-rounded
Small, light, well made, attractive styling.
semi-lightweight, semi-small, CHEAP!!
Lots of features, easy operation...
Real neat little phone
Compact and lightweight
Light weight, inexpensive, built in calendar and stopwatch
Free!(if you think that's a pro)
Small size, superior Nokia menu layout, Eye-catching blue backlight
Compact size, feature packed, easy to use, great battery & of course, the blue backlight
Small, Nice looking, Internal Antenna, Nice blue backlit screen
Very small and light. Easy to use. Has most needed features.
Small,superb styling
Web enabled, clear reception, nice mobile hands-free option
Size, sleek appearance, ease of use, features
Joystick makes menu navigation and game play easy.
easy format, good size screen, plenty of features
It's relative small and it plays music!!!
Sprint Service, plays music
GReat sound quality, great little phone
Easy menu navigation, Stylish, compact design
MP3, sexy design
Plays MP3s, many options, wireless web capabilities.
sound quality, slim size, multiple phone numbers for one name entry
Compact, easy to use.
Great battery life, easy to use, many features
Nice wood touch-Many Rings
Changeable faceplates, long battery life, great reception, durable construction.
Swiss army knife of phones, durable and reliable, price
Can handle some abuse, large buttons
voice tags, bright screen, polyphonic ringtones, uses 51XX, 33XX, 82XX power accessories
Now people can get me, not just my pager!
Great for people who are semi-impaired challenged. Keep making them!
Free with service plan. Doubles as a flashlight.
Great phone and affordable.
Small, bright light, MIDI ringers
Small,Slim,Light,Cute
Personalizeable, pretty, cheap
Free with most service plans
Lightweight; charges quickly; uses other Nokia accessories; picks up PCS signal well indoors;
Great reception! Quite durable, aside from water.Changeable covers and easy to use.
bright lights, easy to read screen
Cheap
Great reception outdoors, GPS E911 Ready, Voice dialing, large, easily recognized buttons.
small, stylish, easy to use. Camera. Assignable ring tones
Bluetooth, Useful PIM, Screen, Easy to Use, Built Solid
size and style make it a great phone
Slick look. Small form factor. Bluetooth. Camera. Wireless web
None that come close to redeeming the cons
Compact design, customizable backgrounds, can cause gadget envy
Light, compact, feature rich, good battery life and intuitive design.
Good Screen, Bluetooth, WAP Access, Camera built in a small form factor.
Ton of Features. Nice look.
Camera, trendy-cool features, solid reception, small form factor
Size, Screen, Bluetooth
Looks cool to the eye.
Size, feel in hand, build quality
Nice looks, ring tones, camera works well.
Light in weight, large screen
Nice screen, good volume and clarity.
Very small, long battery life, lots of features, looks cool
small size, GPRS, Bluetooth, Java, Mophun, good ringtone reproduction, multi-number contacts, POP3-mail access
Nice Looking, good Bluetooth and Voice Dialing
read above
65k color screen, games, internet capable,lighweight and small
Connectivity, interface, look.
Lots of great features.
its colourfull
Bluetooth. Camera. Wireless web most things young teens want man! basic phone
Lightweight, world phone by T-mobile, clear, excellent signal.
Great looks, large screen for size, camera, sending text and pic messages fairly easy.
Easy user inerface. Bluetooth. Camera.
Bluetooth, Full of features, Large Display
camera and infrared work decent. didn't have a chance to test bluetooth
Inexpensive, Great Performance, Durable, Has the Important Features
Sleek and Stylish, Well Constructed, Ergonomically Correct, Good Clarity, Nice Bells and Whistles
Very stylish. Easy to operate.Great battery life.
Inexpensive, good volume
Price, looks, sturdy construction, size and weight, reception and sound quality, colors
Excellent reception; loaded with features.
light, decent voice quality, built in speaker phone, comes with two face plates
Lightweight, Easy access to "Quiet" Mode
Lightweight, good display, cheap, changable faceplates
Light, nice screen colors, easy to use, nice tones.
Very lightweight, but sturdy; good reception
Color changing screen, stylish exterior, VERY lightweight
light weight, excellent phonebook, color changing backlight, good reception (depends somewhat on service provider)
Color changing screen, stylish exterior, VERY lightweight
Recycling older, previously used phones?
Size/weight, several display options
Lightweight, ease of use
Sweet color changing face and the size
Very Lightweight,Has Speakerphone and Vibration features.
This is the best little phone you've ever seen or could ever want.
sweet little phone - wow how technology keeps improving!
Many Functions, speakerphone, easy to push buttons, large display, lightweight
Lightweight
sound quality good enough for me
Great games, great features
Menus are Easy to use
very good reception, easy to use, battery life is great
solid construction, good reception, decent battery life, lots of features for the $
looks sharp, has a pretty blue color
Small, lightweight, flip-phone style, lit display, lots of number storage.
Light, stylish, easy to use
Small & Compact, Sleek, Stylish, Functional & Practical (During its Life Span), Some Good Features
Good battery life, good reception, easy to use features
good reception and clarity
Size and style and battery life.
The reception is OK.
price and the look
flip phone clear screen good reception
GREAT RECEPTION, LIGHT AND FLASHY. THIS IS A VERY NICE PHONE, WITH GREAT FEATURES.
Small, great sound, terrific battery life, neat blue screen, charges fast, easy availability of accessories
Size, phone book, vibra call alert
Cute, Sleek, Versatile
Very compact, nice silver colour, large text screen.
Web Enabled, Msn, Great Graphics, Big Screen, One touch Key Guard, Durability. On and On
Compact, large screen, inexpensive
Small, tri-mode, very attractive.
long battery life, easy access to phone book and web, good sound
Loud Speaker, The Clear button is handy,
Direct Connect, Long Battery Life
Durable, tough, easy to use
Direct Connect
Speaker volume, &amp; Durability
Strong phone, good sound
Features, Functions, Clarity, Durability
screen, features?
Two-way, paging and cellular all in one.
too big to forget somewhere
Durablity,Features,Color,Everything!
direct connect, strength and durability
rugged
Low price, dual mode, good reception, 200 entry phone book, text messaging.
solid light good looking
solid construction, small size, ease of use
Small, lightweight, great reception, and usable features.  Changeable Faceplates!
Free after rebate, even for existing customers!
small, utilizes wonderful Nokia menu system
small size, good games, lots of rings, battery life w/standby.
Free (with mail-in rebate); good reception and sound quality; easy to use
good phone for a newbie to cell phones, easy to figure out.
Excellent price.  Free hands free earpiece.  Text messaging.  Internal antenna.  Decent reception.
Easy to use, cheap, good for newbies
Small, light, long battery life, good menu system
Fundamentally usable. Well spaced buttons.
easy to use, basic features, text messaging, free phone
I love the easy access and not hard to get things.
Very small, Free, includes head set.
Great Reception, Nokia quality, great battery, e-mail & aim capable
Good RF Performance.
Small, easy to use.
Good sound; small and easy to carry; good menu system
Good reception, decent price, record your own ringtones
Great color screen, short charging time, excellent sounds
Size, reception, audio quality are EXCELLENT.  Sure is blue!
Sound quality, lightweight, color screen
VERIFIABLE upgraded features; ring tone record, 2nd ring speaker
Adequate reception, good entry level phone
Cheap, Color Screen
Long battery life, dowloadable ring tones, graphics, themes and games, color screen
Improved reception
Great Battery Life.
Light Weight, Sleek, Good standby and talk time, quick charging, convenient navigation
It's small, lightweight and easy to carry. Good PDA funtions.
Nice Screen, good reception, good features
small, light, nice colour display
Huge LCD Display, Power and Features!
Simply amazing design, best text entry I've ever seen.
Internet Friendly
internet saavy, thin, great signal, large screen, can do more than you will ever use
large, clear LCD
stated elsewhere
Large Clear Screen. Can Share Address book with MS Outlook
Screen size
Quality text display
large screen, nice LCD &quot;indiglo&quot;, superior reception
nice capabilities
lg LED Screen Back lit. All in one degsin
Large screen, WAP/Net-enabled
large screen, auto-complete
Big screen. Notifies when e-mail arrives. Nice color!
Feature rich
Large screen size, web enabled
Internet, LARGE screen, clear reception
Big display, small phone, displays graphics, key pad easy to read.
Huge screen; 1 of only 2 internet phones supported by AT&T
Good clarity, easy to operate, lots of different options.
Clear display; large display
Easy to read, and more lines of text
large screen.
The latest technology.  Almost a mini computer.
Has much needed alarm and removable battery.
Personalize your ring tones. Small. Great sound when listening to the other party/caller.
Durable, Does all the basics well, decent service
Cheap and pretty
small, lightweight, compact, tough consruction, easy text entry
small, lightweight, compact, tough consruction, easy text entry
look & feel, durability, large color screen, polyphonic ring-tones, flash light.
Rugged, simple (no camera).
very durable,great features.
Color display, durability, Nokia reputation
Robust Design
Excellent reception.
Inexpensive, Reliable, Small, Attractive, Good Features, Good Battery Life
The phone is lightweight and fits into the palm of my hand
Long battery life, easy to use, tiny, and a nice blue light
Voice dialing, easy to use interface, lots of features
Many Features, Web Browser, Games, Speed Dial, Contact List
Small, lightweight, good battery life, decent reception, great price, high speed Internet access.
Light, easy to use, lots of features, games, and options. Great reception.
Good phone and features for the price.
Packed with features (esp. for the price), nice display, compact, reasonable price on options.
Blue Backlight
Many features, if you can get the phone to work in the 1st place.
Compact,great screen contrast,LOTS of features,good clarity,voice activated dialing
Lightweight, neon blue screen, long battery life, sturdy antenna
Fits a everyone's lifestyle in today's upbeat world
great reception, light weight & small. Easy to use.
Durable, inexpensive.
Lightweight, good battery life and reception.
Speed Dial is useful feature.
A breeze to use, logical navigation, attractive
Light, good-looking, games, and web-ready
Small sleek physique, easy to use menu, cool blue screen,(alarm clock,tip calculator, games)
size, battery life, blue screen
Small size, ease of use, attractiveness, ease of programming contacts, sufficient options, speed of recharge
Can make outgoing calls if you are lucky; looks ok
Nice display, good battery life, reception anywhere, cool voice dial,
Nice look and feel
Easy to use, good back light, sounds great!
Good battery life, easy to use, nice keypad.
compact, cute, long battery life, price.
Lightweight, Bright display, Lots of features and games, voice dialing.
Size & weight are ideal for the price. Easy to use and looks great, too!
Lightweight
Color, text messaging
Blue Indiglo Face, loud ringing tones, small
Inexpensive and worked great for a year
it took quite a few smashes to break the screen
Great phone deal-pretty phone. Overall-i'm very pleased. Verizon was great. I will stay with them.
Good-looking phone with nifty blue backlighting that is easy to read in the dark
Nice interface, Blue Back-Lighting, Nice price.
Cheap. Physical setup ok.
easy use
T9 predictive text, blue LED backlighting, cheap
Great features with easy to use Menu.  Battery lasts a long time on standby.
Great battery life, and compatibility with a lot of 3rd party accessories
Great phone!! No Problems!! Nice features!
GSM roaming works almost anywhere, single global phone number
Speaker phone, multi-line, and direct connect
worldwide phone number, GSM roaming "just works
Cheap and has lots of bells and whistles
International capability, great battery life if you aren't compulsive about talking a lot.
Reasonable size, great features, direct connect, "worldwide"
Weight, Style, and Worldwide Roaming
Worldwide roaming, good speakerphone
Sleek, stylish, not heavy, reasonably priced, sturdy, I haven't had trouble with it...
economic
Basic, simple to use phone
Small, Easy To Use.
Great phone book. Ringer can be loud
Good battery life, huge screen, lots of features and excellent stylus menu structure
Cheap, Integrated PDA, integrated speaker phone
Small, lightweight, many features
small phone, inexpensive
compact, easy user-interface, lightweight, active flip
Lightweight, clear connections, vibrating ringer, flip-open, battery life
small, compact design with handy belt clip and volume control
Clarity, Signal retention, Size
Light, small, keys covered, many options.
Great size,weight, fairly easy to use.
Great Product, small & compact, EXCELLENT voice quality & range (beats Nokia hands down). SMALL!
small and light, low price, easy to use
Compact,Easy to use,Vibrates and rings,caller ID,separate rings for family
Compact, flip front
Lightweight and small
it was free, it was durable
Compact size, great price, decent sized address book
Can make and receive calls usually without many problems.
small; nicely shaped; excellent interface; fantastic battery life; quality screen; very durable; awesome volume control
Small and light weight.
Price, size, ease of use.
sleek and lightweight, good ring volume
Cute, small, light weight, cool feautures.
Cheap
It is small and light.  Great at cutting off.
small; lightweight; decent screen
Small, easy navagation, easy volume control.
Stylish, but so are high heels.
Simple, no-frills, looks decent, buttons have a good feel, unlike almost all newer phones
Tiny, cute, lightweight, many features, great volume, access to the internet
It's small
Small, good battery life, sturdy and inexpensive.
Color Screen.
lightweight, easy to use
Excellent software design, Good reception, polyphony ringtones, GPRS
folder structure,large memory, user friendly, polyphonic, light, colour
great colour screen, polyphonic ringtones, games, keypad nice and big
Colour screen, great downloadable games available, downloadable graphics
MMS support, reliable, good wap browser, good battery, replaceable covers
Good, all you need
Amazing features and abilities
Relatively integrated palm/phone, not overbearingly large, affordable 1XRTT (finally).
Clam-shell design, good sound, good reception, good battery life
Seems like the ultimate solution
Well made, durable, seamless PDA and phone, LOADED with features. Outstanding design
It works! It's the future! It's here now!
Nearly perfect PDA/Phone, not a bad value either.
Fairly Decent converged PDA/Phone
Overall, it does everything, some things better then others
true PDA smartphone w/touch screen, expansion slot for SD cards, excellent reception
Combines PDA, e-mail and cell phone functions.
When it works, Palm and phone in one device. Don't recommend to a friend.
Great consolidation, fantastic features, MP3 player, SD card, very good phone, excellent beltclip, web access.
Awesome color display, stable Palm system, easy to use.  Reminds me of my old StarTac.
Great PDA/phone combination, easy to cary around
Solid construction.
Intended functionality.
The best compormise in existence for phone-centric people
Best phone/pda convergence device out there.  Good reception, nice battery life.  Full Palm functionality.
All in one.
Superb call clarity. Bright screen.
Feature rich as a business tool
Everything you want in a phone, pda and wireless information appliance
Combo Palm/phone, reasonably integrated--what could be better?
Solid comfortable case, nice screen and awesome features
Phone first, PDA second. Solid feel to phone. PDA is true to Palm
PDA and phone in a single device.  Works with Mac OS.
A great Idea
Excellent combination of phone/PDA functionality
The phone works in the US.  Other than that....?
The palm portion works great.
all in one
Everything in one nice package
Quality feel.  Great Features.  Screen quality.  Screen size is perfect.
Compact design, easy to use, lower cost than some PDA phones, belt clip
One device for PDA and phone.
Beautiful Bright Color Screen, Easy to use, Nice sturdy clam shell design.
small outside lcd display allows you to identify callers without opening the flip
What good is a palm, mp3 player if the phone won't work?
sturdy, great size, user friendly
Flip, reasonably small
Rugged, good display, great integration of phone and Palm PDA.
Palm is a good OS, just not on this product.
Great phone. Good PDA. Nice sizing.  Flip style.  Durable. Battery life OK.
Great integration between phone & pda
Neat GSM webphone with beautiful display
Sleek, Flip Phone, Outlook, Internet Explorer, Instant Messenger, Windows Media Player, All in One Device
Tons of Functionality, Great Display, Sleek Looks
Looks great, feels great, solid
Elegant looks, all the PDA features in one small phone
Attractive clamshell, external speaker
Call quality, Signal strength, outlook sync
Stylish. Nice display screen. Good applications
Seamlessly synchs with Microsoft Outlook. Large, easy to read display makes navigation a breeze.
Easy sync to outlook, contacts, etc.
everything about it after you upgrade
Cutting edge, reliable, efficient, & feature-rich
The best PDA/Phone Combo, but a
Great integration of PDA and Cell Phone.&#13;&#10;Wonderful color screen and graphics.&#13;&#10;
Great color display, lots of applications
Great Internet utility and email with a wide color screen, full function Keyboard. SPEAKER-PHONE!
Great style.Spacious keyboard. Beautiful screen.Hands-free phone without the use of a headset is good.
Office applications, Microsoft Outlook and Lotus Notes Synchronization, and Microsoft Office compatibility.
Great screen and keyboard; Advanced, easy-to-use applications
Great screen, nice keyboard, Symbian O/S, lots of memory and expansion possibilities.
Exceptional Features. Light Weight. Ultra-cool blue screen.  Nice games.
Backlight
Light, small, easy to read display, tons of features
Blue screen, battery life, address book...goes on and on
Blue screen and sailboat screensavers ? Yippeeee
Small, nice design. Clear display. Inexpensive.
Easy to read w/blue display, very compact, high speed data capable
Lightweight and compact, excellent battery life
Attractive, compact design.  Easy to see blue backlighting.
lightweight, great lighted screen, cool features
Easy to see blue screen, easy to navigate menus
Blue backlight screen and keyboard, built-in games,usefully built-in tools and good sound
Lighter-weight
Good user-interface; nice appearance; pocket-sized.
Small, cute faceplate and luminiscent backlight. Volume adjusts during calls.
fantastic phone for little money
small, calm blue backlight, excellent games.
None come to mind.
Blue Light (enough said)
lots of bells and whistles.
Blue lights, big memory, small phone.
None
3G CDMA - crisp LCD matrix - Lazer Blue LED's! buttons feel cool! Sleek
worked well for one year
size, features, blue light
Cheap, affordable, great customer service, no phone bill, downloads, goes off by itself
cheap
Cool screen, vibrate function
Excellent sound and signal qualitly, easy to use
Looks cool, nice display (when it's working), fairly easy to use
Blue lighting, good graphics when visible
free with AT&T Wireless Service, good clarity
Cute and affordable
Rock reliable, extendable antenna, inexpensive, good performance
Small, light and easy progamming
Simple operations make it easy to use.
Inexpensive, voice dialing, nice interface,
it was free
Low cost,excellent reception,voice activation,battery life,and bluetooth compatible.
nice features; easy to use
features, interface, battery life
Small, thin, great battery life, good overall design.
reliable, except for the proprietary charging plug
Cheap and has the walkie talkie feature
It's rugged, charges quickly, simple to operate, basic phone no unwanted bells and whistles.
Reliable; easy to dial calls; very good speakerphone; walkie-talkie capability
Small, durable, easy functions.
several features, cute, portable
Small Size, Lightweight, Good voice quality, Nice menus, Better than TP 1100
Lightweight and inexpensive
Small, light, easy to use.  No nonsense phone when you just want to call someone.
Compact, Lightweight, Flip phone, Not too complicated, Cheap
Small, lightweight, and it has a screen on the outside.
Small, inexpensive for its features.
This a very compact phone that fits your face beautifully.  Great features.
Light and Small, Durable, easy to use menu, cheap
It's pretty.
Durability(trust me-I have a 2 yr old), Clarity, portability, fast charging time.
Nice features, backlit, compact size, holds a charge.
Easy to use, good sound quality, long battery life, attractive and lightweight phone
get this phone free.  gets the job done.
Hmm well does not break when falls
Blue back lighting, reception and clarity, and the battery life.
Backlit blue screen, Ease of use, durability
None that I can think of
Phone, pager, 2way, internet, sms, email all in one. looks neat.
Affordable Versitile Connects when I need it and Works Great for Buisnesses
Direct Connect, Durable, Options can be added
HEAVY DUTY; JACK OF ALL TRADES; RELIABLE.
Durable, battery life, features
Direct connect, cheap plans.
Clarity, 2-way Function, Easy-to-Read LED Screen, Long Battery Life
Very dependable
Large Screen, Reception, Software
The absolute BEST of quality in all aspects.
Color display, many features, and quality sound
BIG color screen, cool games, inside looks cool
None worth mentioning.
Syncs with Outlook, decent navigation, size, weight
Selectable ring tones for different people
Worked well , while it worked.
It's a phone
Lite weight, color-screen
Has some cool syncing features with outlook.
SIM card, Lithium Ion battery, multiband, long battery life
customizable keys, battery life, appearance, IR sync with computer
Compact, decent buttons, infrared capabilities
Excellent reception and battery life
Multiband Digital Coverage, Lithium Ion Battery, Voicedial, Data Cable, programmable buttons, hold feature.
Light
It looks cute.
Dual digital network support, excellent battery life, lots of features.
Color of screen (amber is cool).
Multi Band (GSM /TDMA), great menu selections, infra red connectivity voice activation
Great sound quality and reception, cool-looking yellow backlite, lightweight, great battery life. $100 Rebate.
Size, Amber backlight, Reception, Clarity
Great reception, dual-band, good battery life.
UMMMM I can make and receive some phone calls, thats about it.
Comfortable design, amber backlight, good signal, great design for actually talking for extended periods.
Tri-band, lots of features, direct sync with MS Outlook, WAP, SMS enabled.
Small and portable, soft amber light is amazing.  Good battery life.
Remotely attractive.
Software allows easy sync from MS Outlook.
Tri mode capbilty so coverage is great, good quality phone
GSM 900/1900 GPRS & TDMA 850/1900 network aware
Clarity, Battery Life, Size!
None come to mind
Versatile and reliable communication with good audio
Works in US and Europe, great sound quality, durable
Color screen!!  Stylish, lightweight, compact, filled with neat features
BIG color screen, durabilty, sleek, light, flip, external display
pretty colors
A durable flip phone that resembles the Samsung 8500.
small, nice color screen
Big color screen, decent battery life, cool look.
Color Screen, Cool Style, Data Link can be used as a portable modem for  laptops.
Cute, stylish, very good reception, feature rich
Good reception, relatively cheap, won't break and Verizon has a huge coverage area.
Sleek design, light-weight, clarity, great colors, external caller ID
Call Quality, lots of features including a Planner, Durable, E911, built-in answering machine
Web access, large screen, external caller ID
Reliable, durable phone with no wasted frills.  Long battery life.
Small, cool silver color, external display, awesome blue backlight
Cute, fits easily into pants pockets, makes you look and feel cool. That's about it.
Virtually everything, except...
Good reception, sound quality
color screens, individual ringtones, several #'s per entry
whisper mode feature, caller id in flip with customizable colors
Pretty, Cool, Easy to Hold, Clear Calls, Verizon, Feature Rich, Large Button, Calendar, Much More
Alarm, calendar, voice-dial, light-weight, color changing front, and front display caller ID.
Extremely portable, External color LCD light, Good reception, Daily planner
Size,Functions,Wireless Modem!
Size, clarity, display, shows time when closed
Nice backlight, color external Caller ID
Fun at first, looks nice, polyphonic ring tones a plus
Phone lasted for 20 months without problem.
Stylish design, small size, bright display, clear signal.
Nice screen and keyboard
Easy to use and extremely affordable.
Huge phone book.
Easy to use, good sound, nice compression feature.
Good Reception, Very Durable, Blue Lighted Screen and Number Pad.
uhhh the aligator display is cute?
permantly stuck in downloading mode and cant be fixed
There are no pros!!
haven't had the phone long enough to come up with pros
The bright colors.
Modern featurs, sleek look
Cheap
none
easy menu options, hard to break, and good text-messaging unit
Small, lightweight, voice dialing.
Great-looking; small/compact; light; doesn't heat up.
Large font and buttons for limited vision users.
Small
Pretty small, battery ok; great with extended battery.  Multiple phone numbers for each phonebook entry.
It is user friendly, nice colors
Size
nice display, feels great in hand, intuitive buttons
Relatively small and compact.
sleek style small size easy to use
Works good as modem
comes in a nice box, breaks into pretty pieces when smashed
small. Big buttons. Bright screen. 500 name address book. Internet ready. GPS emergency location feature.
Great battery life, looks cool, customizable, internet-ready
Flip phone, colour screen, camera
Voice dial, stylish appearance, personalized ringtones
Color screen, camera attachment, weight, features, voice dial, Fast GPRS data transfer, memo recorder
Nice form factor, big color screen
Excellent screen, backlit buttons, voice tag feature.
good screen, easy to figure out, good sized keys
Great colour screen that can be seen in daylight.
Nice color screen.  Easy menu. Good size. Nice backlight.
Color screen, digital camera, downloadable ringers
Color Screen, Battery Life!, Brightness, Easy Navagation, Caller ID display on the outside!
Easy to use, sleek look
Great signal strength
Looks cool, great sound quality, nice menu system.
Nice screen. Small size.
Reception, battery life
Compact, easy ear positioning, nice features, fast charge
Clear sound, sturdy, speaker phone
Great battery life, speaker, very rugged
Great battery life, the best signal strength, Very durable if dropped.
Inexpensive, personalized rings, lots of capabilities for this price, battery life.
Joy stick control, voice dailing, good customer service
small enough to fit in pocket or purse, good reception, decent battery life
Lots of nice features.
Easy to navigate, attractive,large screen, very bright
Nice, sleek design, fits in the palm of your hand, ergonomically designed, plus cool features...
Small, modern looking, loaded with extras but still low in price.
Nice design-easy to hold
Ease of Use, Joy Stick Control, T9 Predictive Text
Sleek looking
Looks kind of cool
Size,Durability, Looks, Technology
Lightweight, Walkie-Talkie Feature, Clear Sound.
PRICE, STORAGE, Internet, Call List
Cheap entry phone,Joystick control
Navigation stick, Price
indestructable, 3 way calling, loud ringer, comes with belt clip
Its a cell phone at least
Web browser, Instant Messaging (AIM and Yahoo)
Service is great in certain areas
Small size, external LCD, nice design, voice dialing, cool features
Small size, features and options
small, voice dial, exterior ID screen, easy menu screens
ring tones, durability, size, price
Smallish Size, Great Spec, Cheap
Small, quality feel, reliable, WAP.
ring tones, durability, size, price
associates fax, phone, mobile, email number under one name
large screen, optimal SMS client, standard-compliant web browser, rugged casing
It does have some pretty cool games ;-)
Web-enabled, short message service enabled, good voice quality, low price
400 Phone # spots, Internet browsing, thinner than Nokia 5160.
Easy to read display.  Web-Enabled.  2-way SMS text messaging.  Tri-Mode TDMA.
Better than sending smoke signals.&#13;&#10;Battery has decent life, good sound quality.
Nice size, easy-to-understand buttons, long-lasting battery, good features, free with rebate
WAP web browsing capabilities
cheapest phone offered by cingular
Wireless Web (basic web is completely free!).  Great size and battery Life.
Price was right, decent size, free hands-free earpiece.
Some cool features--CDPD, programmable ringtones, etc.
Wireless internet at your fingertips, clarity, features
Good battery life, browser, low cost accessories, good feature set
Durable and easy to use
Lots of useful features
Tremendous features, cheap accessories
Clear Signal, WAP enabled, phonebook size, size
Web accessable
Portable, nice in service range
Well actually I have found none!!
This is the absolute worst phone or phones I ever owned
This phone is great! Very easy to use, very durable.
Great service, good battery life
Outstanding Battery Life, So Simple To Use My Dog Could Make Calls!E-Mail In My Palm!
Large screen, HUGE amounts of memory.  Ability to use 5100,6100 accessories.
Great display, great contact management software
Nice menus, big screen, Navi-roller is convenient/fast, long-battery life
Great technical specifications.
Tri-Band Coverage
small and cheap
Great technical specifications.
Tri-Band Coverage
small and cheap
color screen, address book, perfect size,, crisp display, easy to use, flip styling
It's cute, stylish and trendy
Screen, Speakerphone, PCS Vision-Enabled, Joystick
Bright screen, lots of features
Color screen, PCS Vision capable, polyphonic ringer, speakerphone, flip style.
COLOR SCREEN! Unconventional and cool flip style.  Versatility. PCS Vision enabled. Speakerphone.
Comfort, features, does not heat up
Awesome screen, form factor.
It has a color lcd,great extras like airplane mode and organizer.
Looks great, clear speakerphone, color LCD, and reliable reception and battery
Lots of neat features very flashy and pretty.
looks good, has speakerphone, decent music quality
Color screen.  Speaker phone.
Great styling, attractive interface, speakerphone capability, voice quality, ease of use.
Flip style stops your ear from getting red, speakerphone, small size.
Wireless data modem, bright clear display, nice loud ringers
good size, well laid out controls
Good call clarity, nice speaker phone, and  good ergonomics.
polyphonic sounds, size
Compact size, Color screen, Speaker phone, Easy learning curve
Color display, blue backlit keys...
Color screen, wireless web
Clear Speaker Phone, PCS Vision Capable, Color Screen, Blue Backlit Keys, Nice Keypad Layout
compact & functional
Color screen,speaker phone,camera capability,and the web.
Nice look, good sound quality, reliable.
Colorful Screen
Speaker phone is nice.
1.Back Lite 2.Speaker phone 3. Games for the kids .Pictures
Small and thin, color screen, higher speed web, feature-rich
the only pro I can come up with is that the color screen is pretty
NONE
Absolutely Everything!!!!  It's a terrific phone!!
Size- works well (for awhile)
Color screen, small size, phone book
Looks good on the outside
2 for 50 bucks. do I need say more?
Speakerphone
thin, light, color, web, email, GPS, flip phone
not many pros here
Big color display, flip phone
good  price  durable  and  ergonomic.
Web capability, Games, Shortmail
Looks Good but that's about it.
Too few to mention
Radio, stylish professional looking, good reception, blue backlight, small and light
Gorgeous, tiny, reliable
It was free from VoiceStream as long as I signed a 1 year contract.
inexpensive (if not free), durable, all the standard features
Good battery life and large screen.
I can talk clear, calls do not fade
Small, Good Signal
Small, compact, light
Simultaneous Alarm Clock, text friendly, handy, all weather proof etc.
Size, construction, feature set.
Stylish, Lightweight, small, nice layout
Small Size, Flip-Open, Screen on Front
Dual LCD displays, compact design, lightweight & portable, sexy looking
Small, thin,great screen clarity and lighting, sexy
Stylish, lots of functions on the external display, light, small
Sleek, Easy to use, Clear blue backlight, and a variety of other features
Size, Weight, Style, Blue lights, very very slick
Small, light, well-built, nice menus and backlight.
Slim, light, adequate features
Stylish, effective, light and portable
Nice design, features, good reception
Small size, lightweight, easy to read screen
Good looking, sturdy, easy to navigate.
Lightweight, easy interface, small
Small,compact
Easy to carry and protective from scratches
Size
design, compatability (size), external lcd, polyphonic ringers
Size, weight, polyphonic ringtones
Small (for the US), sleek, one good game, intuitive to use.
Good reception, nice price, very easy to use
Beautiful blue back light.  Compact and offers a large display screen.
small, two LCDs, Voice active,light, stylish, lots of features, polyphonic sound, clear
Compact, nice screen, external caller ID window screen.
Looks great, very light weight and stylish. External LCD
Small size, external LCD
Looks great. Very small & light-weight. Lots of features. External display.
External Caller ID, Polyphonic Ringers, Customizable Ringers and backgrounds, Charging Time, Vibrate Alert
Small size, dual displays, great looks
Small, lightweight, Slim, great looking, cool blue illumination.
sleek, fits in pocket easily, external window, MIDI ringers
beautiful; small & light-weight; backlighting; three alarms settable; rings (if you're into them)
Compact and stylish.
Small, lightweight, lots of features, customizable rings and images
Blue backlighting, outer LCD, large active inner screen, Cheap (~$99 currently)
small design
Small, lightweight, blue screen rocks, sound quality, outside display, features
small, cool games , cool blue light, and its really lite
Signal Strength LCD Size Style
Stylish looking and sleek
Cheap, small, good placement of buttons
Battery doesn't drain instantly
Light Weight;slim design;Dual LCD Displays a plus;backlighting
Small size, attractive design, lightweight
easy to use, nice ring tones, priority ringing, small, clear.
External LCD, Looks great
The pro part is I got rid of this stupid phone!
Nice size and very compact.
good looking,sexy, attracts attention, flashy
The phone is slim, compact and sleek.
Compact, easy to navigate. Voice dial helps in the car.
lightweight, screen on front cover
Sleek body, huge LCD screen, okay battery life
Slim feature and good looking.
good design/menus/buttons
Ring Tones, Compact, Acceptable Clarity, menu's are user friendly
Otherwise, a decent phone.
Nice loud ring options , convenient send to mailbox side buttons
Small size, easy to use, inexpensive
Pretty phone and graphics
Nice size
Small, light, custom lights.
tiny, simple, sleek
Aesthetically pleasing.
GREAT signal reception, small & sleek, cool polyphonic ringtones, simple to use
Very small, great rings, nice blue light
Cute, Speed Dial, Super Speed Dial
Color screen, small size, "cool factor," features, etc...
Aesthetics, Gadgets
Lightweight, appearance, call quality
awesome features, color screen, lots of extras, great reception
Feature Rich, Color Screen, Motorola Reputation, E911 GPS
Nice, big, color screen...
Nice color screen, E911
great feature set, perfect size/weight, brilliant color display
Great voice quality, color screen, excellent reception, full of features.
Great features set, excellent sound quality, good battery life
Great Sound!  Cool color screen.  Can be used as a flashlight.  Many Features.
Simplicity
Color, Super Cool, small, decent battery life
Dual display, good looks, sharp screen, easy to use menus, polyphonic ringer
Its light, Its bright, and fun!
Small, lightweight, wonderful resolution and color, full of features and options.
Lightweight, small, color display, lots of gimmicks, games
Nice crisp color screen, integrated datebook that works.
color screen, BREW
Superior battery life, good sound quality, colorful and easy to read display
Great signal in NYC area, crisp and clear sound, great color screen
Size, Features, Color Screen, Ease of Use, Speaker, Embedded Ringtones...
Nice color screen, Get It Now, very light, ring tones, sleek
size, easy to use, good screen
Good for basic calling functions.
Color screen, light weight, polyphonic ring, downloadable software, good signal retention
COLOR!!!  Cool games and ring tones.
Compact, Lightweight, great features.
Cool looks and screen, lots of features
Voice quality, Get-It-Now games & tools, sharp looks.
Active Color
Color screen, easy interface, great voice dialing
Compact; secured antenna; exterior display; features and setup options galore; very good reception/no dropped calls
Large colour display, predictitative text messaging
Excellent Color Screen, Polyphonic Ringtones, Verizon's "Get It Now" service, Personal Information Mangager
Looks very nice, bright color screen, generally easy to navigate
Nice features, excellent readability.
Size, ease of use, secure holster, loud rings
Attractive styling, many features, customizable ring tones
very small, light weight, clear send and receive, loud ringer
color scree, polymorphic ringtones, wide selection of games, small size, good call quality, web browser
sound, ring tones, voice activated dialing, light, solid, big display
Color, polyphonic ringtones, downloadable applications.
Color display, web-enabled, voice-dialing.
Sleek look, color display, external display window, flip design
Color screen, brew apps, nice features.
Small, light flip phone with color LCD, polyphonic ringtones
A very attractive phone, bright, beautiful color display, a fun phone
Size, weight, adjustable display, ease of holster use, 3G enabled.
Color screen, features(does nearly everything), durability.
Good sound quality.  Great display.  All around good phone.
Light weight, Great Sound, Dual LCD screen, 2 way text msgs.
Ease of use, user friendly, light weight.
Flashy design, lots of options. Excellent reception.
Stylish, Full featured, Intuitive, Customisable
Feature set, customizable menus, etc
color screen, weight, ease of use, reliability
Excellent phone for the price. Lots of features I've never had before.
Color Display, GSM, Games, Internet, Ringtone Composer, Gadgets and Gizmos Galore
You can play games. Not much else
Excellent screen, functionality, reception.
sound quality, ringer volume, color screen, durability
Ergonomics, design, size
Good phone book, and customization.
Size, shape, organizer, tech-support, Verizon service.
Excellent features, great screen, good menu setup
Size, Color, Flip-compact design
Large color screen; polyphonic ring tones; TETRIS!!
voice activated dialing, downloadable rings
Color screen, nice features, loud ring, GPS device, Get It Now
It does it all, throw away your PDA.
I like the color screen and overall appearance of the phone.
wide  enough  to  drive and  make  calls
Easy to use, nice display, great sound, excellent features
color screen, great reception, small and compact
Nice color screen, changeable faceplates, flip design, camera attachment
flip phone, color, fun games, nice selection of ring tones
The cell phone has reception most of the time.
compact and stylish, nice color screen, lots of bells and whistles,very easy to use
Numerous features, color screen, light
Size.  Portability.
Small, Colorful, Good Reception
nice color screen, good range of ring tones that are not annoying
Small Size, Color Screen, Light Weight, Great Features
Color screen, MOTO features
Great size and great display.
color screen, external display, calendar
very sleek size, color, tons of extras
cool looking, many ring styles, color screen
Fits head well. Flip Phone
Easy to use, features, downloads
Cool looking, great color, nice features
Color screen, High speed system, looks, ease of use, lots of features, durability
Color screen; caller id with ringtones; outside caller id; get-it-now; voice recognition
color and contrast is amazing, Light weight like all motorolas, simple to use
thinking hard...
color screen
Great features, ease of use, nice lighting,etc
3G, Color screen, Get It Now
plays video games, great flashlight
Fast voice recognition dialing
awesome accesories, lots of features
lightweight, color display, clarity, voice dialing
Color screen, very sleek looking, many ringtones
Nice size, great screen, high quality ring tones, lots of features.
color screen
*color Screen
Beautiful color screen, compact, voice activated calling
Small, light, caller ID, big buttons, color screen, polyphonic ring tones.
Functions,style
New Look, color screen, and internet ready
It is stylish and sleek and internally, it has a color screen!
Tons of options, ease of use, voice clarity and quality, cool screen, memory, storage capability
Small size, nice big screen, capacity to hold many numbers.
A beautiful, feature loaded phone that is fun to use and easy to handle.
color screen
Nice keypad. Great size.
Style,Weight,Features,Reception
large color screen, decent battery, looks nice, cheap
Color screen, small size, Get-It-Now.
Light, sleek design, color screen, status light, external caller ID
Nice display
compact,color screen, lots of ringtones, download ringer from phone
Looks great, plus it's not too costly!
Works nicely
Great reception and clear sound
Small easy to use.  The color screen is great also.
I learned to never buy another Motorola phone!
"Why don't u try out they phone hmmmm??"
Nice color screen.  Extendable antenna.  Thought actual calls sounded better than LGs.
Stylish, Compact
Great reception , high quality of sound, calendar, reliability, tough.
None
Looks; LCD; flip-phone; calendar; phonebook; voicedial
It folds in half
awesome display, loud ring tones
Small, light and slick
Very colorful and pretty.
Color screen, analog roaming
Lightweight, color screen, flip top screen, looks cool
Good reception
Solid, sturdy phone.  Clarity of in call sound.  Battery life.
This phone is fragile and tends toward software glitches and failures.
lots of features
Great features,easy to use,light weight,nice design,exterior caller id
Compact,nice color display, durable.
Reception is amazing. Stylish. Color screen.
Big screen
Color screen, Features, voice dialing, Polyphonic ring tones.
Nice screen, intuitive menu navigation.
Small size, nice display, ergonomic, nice display on outside of clamshell, large& easily accessably keypad
Color screen and graphics; flip phone; small and sleek; changeable outer body.
easy navigation  color display external display ,size
Small, easy to carry, GREAT screen
About the only advantage is it's small size.
Sleek, Cool options
Nice looking design.  Comfortable to hold.  Nice interface.
Open with one hand, big display, ringers
Good graphics, loud enough, game
AFFORDABLE, SLEEK
Nice flip cover, light weight,
QWERTY keyboard, easy access to SMS, email, WAP (internet), speaker phone is fantastic
Great sound quality, large, easy-to-read display, works on all networks, voice activation, web compatible
Great list of built-in games, easy to use configuration.
Lightweight, superb audio transmission and reception.  Holds plenty of data.
It supports GPRS, GSM, TDMA, and analog. It has voice dialing and built in vibration.
great coverage, big clear screen, durable
Great signal strength in rural areas, nice display, able to put pics on phone
Nice sizer, good battery life
Loads of features.
style, weight, appearance
Attractive, small, lightweight
Size, GSM, usage profiles
Great Games & Extras
Cute Design
good menu, nice display, attractive
Reliability,quality,reception,battery life and very user friendly.
price effective, voice dialing feature
Screen is easy to read.
Cool Shape, Works on almost all networks, bluetooth.
Price
Multi-band and multi-mode phone
It's cheap.
Very Durable, Text Messenging, Nice interface, Office tools, Reception.
Easy graphic interface, comes with a vibrating battery, loud voice volume
Tri-mode, SMS, 200 contact list
Free, clear, vibrate mode, lots of different rings
Easy to use
QWERT keyboard, fits like a pager, many options and voice control commnads
GPRS, 3min Voice Recorder, Lion Battery, T9
Good emergency phone
Good for... NOTHING!
Looks like a cool phone (though in fact it's not!)
Great sound...great usability...great battery
Compact
Cute little phone.  Easy to use.
good sound quality for local calls, many features
Small size, light weight, low price, pocketable
Small, light, no external antenna!, internet access

Small, Light weight, easy to navigate, clear voice, excellent reception
White light background.  Small, light,
design, size, weight, features, display
Small, light, sexy
Very bright backlight, very stylish
Looks cute, low weight.
Small size, lightweight
Cool design, lightweight, lots of features
Cheap(er), "cute", small size, low weight.
Small, Lightweight, Polyphonic Rings, Durable
Voice activated dialing.
Great sound quality, Long Battery Life, Compact design, light.
Small, Nice looking, Free
Easy Menu Setup, GPRS enabled, Easy to Customize
battery life, reception, size, gprs data, screen, usb connection
Small, sleek style, polyphonic ring tones
Blue bg color, nice compact size.
whitish blue backlight color, animated menus, clear sound, cheep price, pretty light, etc.
Inexpensive (free!), bright backlight, compact size
Small (if that's what you want), games, and looks good.
Good reception
Light weight, easy to handle, low cost
Ringtones; Pictures; Wallpaper; Screen Savers; Covers;
Small, fits in my pocket
Light, no external antenna
It's very stylish and the ring tones are cool.
Looks neat, Polyphonic Ring Tones
Small, features, price, ok reception
fashionable,cute,beautiful ring
light, portable
internal antenna, free with plan
Small, Polyphonic Speaker, Price is great, Caller ID Pictures, Screen Savers, Games are great.
cute
Nice features
decent reception
This is a great cell phone. Contains lots of good and new features.
It fits into the cell pocket on my backpack.
Good balance, feels good in the hand. Nice scrolling.
It's free.
Small, cute.
Small, cute, and has a lot of crap you wont use.
Features, looks, I really love the phone.
Small, pocketable.
Calendar, large phone book capacity (400), small size, rubber side grips, etc.
Small size, no antenna, good features
It's generally free!  Okay sound quality.
a few cool screen savers, that's all!
Free.  That's it.
It was free.
Cheap, cool ring tones
none
Decent Reception, Size
Intuitive menus and phone book, good battery life, cool timers.
Durable, easy to use, phone book
compact, easy access voicemail, long battery life
changeable covers, cool look, very durable, great sound quality
It looked nice, and Speakerphone should be on more phones.
Keypad layout, basic features
Relatively cheap
Reliable. Clear reception. Voice dial. Speakerphone. Looks good. Autocomplete for finding address book entries.
Good speaker volume.
Nice, easy-to-use features, including speaker phone and voice recognition.
Many features, nice design, easy to use, good sound quality
cheap
durability and reception
Many features without overkill, easy to use, quite reliable
inexpensive, aesthetically pleasing, has the features of more expensive phones
solid, 'non-flip,' loud speakerphone, loud ringer, simple design/menu system, excellent basic features
Great quality no-nonsense phone.
Small, ergonomic design. Loads of features. Great performance. Free!
Available at no cost through many plans.
Affordable - Easy to use &#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
Free, Seems to have lots of features, if you can get them to work.
Cellular Phone Use Only
Great value; excellent design, features, size; ease of use; performance
The display  screen,ringer tones,style,performance and price.
CHEAP!! And its a cell phone
Full featured, easy to use, good battery life, free!
Color screen, good battery life, polyphonic ring tones, camera included
Bright color screen, MMS, polyphonic tones, decent size & weight
Nice lines, color screen, camera attachment, cool ringers, infrared port
color screen, IR port, polygraphic ring tones, cheap pricetag
Light, inexpensieve, recurrent alarm feature, WAP
Best Value Color Phone, Real Song Ringer, Highly Customizable
Sleek, Small, Color, Light, Polyphonic Rings, Games
Small, Navigation is good, features are good for price
Color screen, you can assign photos to caller ID
It is inexpensive, compact, and in color!
Great features for price
Great features at low price.
Can be used worldwide, inexpensive camera phone
Email photos. Nicely organized contacts. Small.
Pretty displays, SIM Card, Polyphonic ringtones
mmmm...is that a trick question? I guess the SIM concept is OK.
Great protected screen, intuitive menus, great composer and games.
currently free (with activation) from T-mobile; includes camera attachment
Size, weight, portability, clarity, overall appearance
Standby/Talk time,256 color, interchangeable face plates,size, musical tone,camera,SIM card.
Wonderful design, great features, cool camera. AMAZING!
Color screen, camera option, recurring alarm
Cool Games, Decent Rigtones, Color Screen
Camera, color display, excellent ring tones.
Compact, lightweight, easy to use, charge life is good.
Color screen, polyphonic ringer, camera attachment
Light weight.
there are no pros, except that well its a well built phone survived every drop!!!
Good looks, Lightweight, Joystick, Color screen
small,works anywhere outside US, comes free with the plan
Small, colour screen, digital camera, infra-red port, games etc.
really light, covers all three GSM Modes eGSM 900/1800/1900,MMS,Blue Tooth Capable,polyphonic ring signals
Appearance, Features, Accessories
nice screen colors, cool games.
Good price for color phone. Take photo with camera attached .
durable, color screen, cheap, functional, good battery life, durable
Small, lightweight, easy to read color display, decent battery life, easy to operate
Infra-red, easy menus, batter-life, games
Price, color screen
Great display and fun features
Light, Color display, Polyphonic ringtones, thin, fast, good background lighting, and good for customizing.
There is always a network problem.
Has a camera
pretty screen with colors and looks attractive good battery life
i love the menu's in part but it is no match to Nokia or Siemens.
Small and easy to carry.
Nicely styled exterior, bright, colour screen, small size
You can download pictures from the internet. Plus the ringtones are ok.
The Perfect phone
Compact and Stylish
Sexy, stylish and small
Small size and compactness, ease of use, IRDA connectivity
cute, dual screen, good signal.
Twin screen, small & very stylish
It looks ....OK.
Looks nice, small enough to fit in a slim handbag, great graphics.
Looks great, stylish.
stylish
Twin screen, small
Flip phone, external caller ID, calendar, color screen, size, internet capability
Solid, nice display, good sound, doesn't feel flimsy.
Inexpensive with a plan, small form factor.
good display, sleek, light weight, good reception,
flip-phone, external caller ID, GSM America
External caller ID, flip phone, loud ringer!
looks good ( thats it !!)
Inexpensive, good reception, compact and light, nice looking, ringtones
Small, flip phone, 1-line screen on outside
Size.
Stylish, sturdy, light, good features.
Umm. It rings. Pathetic FM radio requiring headphones.
design
Styling, comfort, talk time (when you can stay connected)
nice design, comfortable, built-in radio, wireless internet
Relatively inexpensive, good battery life, lightweight, looks good, has a radio.
Great design, FM radio, "PhoneWrap" compatible, good signal strength, cheap price.
FM Radio built in, included headset and belt clip
cool shape, radio, different face plates, multiple ring tones
egronomic shape, inexpensive, loud ringer, several accessories included, fm tuner, minibrowser
Nice curvy design, wide selection of hard and rubber covers, durable
Relatively inexpensive, good battery life, lightweight, looks good, has a radio.
Cool look, lite, ring tones are loud!
It works!
Cool overall
lightweight, looks nice, changeable rubber and plastic faces...
Nice design, radio function
Inexpensive, looks good, simple to use
Solid built, Radio, SMS and more....
still searching...
Compact, tons of features, seems to alwasy find a signal
Audio clarity is alright; very light and compact.
Compact and easy to use.
Excellent reception,reliability,battery life,nice style.
EVERYTHING
elegant design, compact, excellect battery life, good reception
Easy to get connected, No credit needed
No monthly contracts
Cheap, good coverage, voicemail included
No contract, no monthly fees.  Rollover minutes.  Great starter deal.
No credit checks, No monthly bills, nice Nokia 5165 phone.
Good for people with credit problems
Cheap service
None
Tri-band, bluetooth, color screen, great battery life.
Color screen, outstanding battery life, lightweight, low profile
Great connectivity, easy to sync contacts, great signal strength (AT&T Carrier, GSM), great aesthetics!
small, batt. life., gizmos......
One integrated Device, distinctive layout.
Phone, MP3, FM radio in one&#13;&#10;QUERTY keyboard&#13;&#10;Can serve as 60MB USB drive
MP3, Radio, Accessories, QWERTY keyboard, no antenna
Plays music, qwerty keyboard, can use to transfer files, comes with case and headset.
A real "convergence device"&#13;&#10;Acts as portable hard disk
Easy SMSing and design.
Small size, powerful battery, voice active dialing
It fits in my pocket.
Sleek, compact, highly functional.  Good battery life, reception.  Sound acceptable most of the time.
Small, stores lots of numbers, wireless Internet capable.
Small, light, handsome, good reception and battery life.
Features,size,very loud ring
Voice Dial, Good Battery Life
Small. Stylish. Nice little extras
Small,lots of features
Small size, stylish, lots of features for the price
Compact size and weight, good reception, stylish looks.
Great reception
small, compact, good backlighting
Small, Cute, Good lighting, Interesting interface.
Small, Battery Life
Small, Stylish, Great Sound Quality
Attractive, Good reception, decent battery life
small
Stylish,compact,lightweight
It was free.
Small, nice looking, nice ring tones
Voice Dialing, Size, WAP Browser, Sim Card
Compact size, fits easily in the pocket and loud ring.
WAP browser, small, polyphonics
Great style & design for an older phone.
Minimal, Bluetooth, GPRS, WAP
Nice size easy to hold. Easy to read display
Easy to use, lightweight
Good looks, Very light.
Small, cute tv screen, I got money back after rebate, custom features
Looks cool, Color screen, Battery Life, Clam Shell Design, World Time
cute design, downloadable ringers and wallpaper
thin, light weight, color screen, speaker phone
Great color screen, and speaker phone.
Cool looking
Great screen, good features, sharp design. Tons of customizability.
Big color screen, size, flip phone, speaker feature, and color pad.
Color Screen, Internet, speaker phone
Sprint Service
sometimes makes calls
The clock is always right. When the display isn't showing "LOOKING FOR SERVICE"
World phone / Bluetooth / large phone book / data (WAP). Iconic Design!
Small, cute tv screen, I got money back after rebate, custom features
Looks cool, Color screen, Battery Life, Clam Shell Design, World Time
cute design, downloadable ringers and wallpaper
thin, light weight, color screen, speaker phone
Great color screen, and speaker phone.
Cool looking
Great screen, good features, sharp design. Tons of customizability.
Big color screen, size, flip phone, speaker feature, and color pad.
Color Screen, Internet, speaker phone
Sprint Service
sometimes makes calls
The clock is always right. When the display isn't showing "LOOKING FOR SERVICE"
World phone / Bluetooth / large phone book / data (WAP). Iconic Design!
Ease of Use, Lightweight
Long Battery Life; Durable; Easy to operate (no flip open to dial or talk)
stylish
Nice looking and long battery life
This phone is extremely easy to use and has great sound quality.
Battery life is outstanding
It started the technology to give us the 6340I, battery life
Great Technology, awesome idea, has everything in a phone that I want.
Electronics are very good.
Internal antenna, multi-network function
lightweight, great battery performance, great reception, looks nice
small and lightweight
All the options of an expensive cell phone may offer
Well organized  buttons  places,good signal good sound. big screen and easy to read
Very easy to use. Light weight. Keys are covered.
Beautiful design... rugged... choc-ful-of features...
Easy to Use, Good Calender and Alarm functions, Durable, Sleek, Overall Great Value
Small and free!
Inexpensive, sturdy
Cheap. Nice physical design and very solid construction.
Small, Attractive and Stylish
It's cute compact design. Ringtones are okay.
It was FREE, (only reason I got it)
Looks very good with its compact size and cute design
Small, free
Small and sleek
ITs Free
Small, Lightweight, Free
Small, Comes with A/C Adapter
durable, small, free
small, practical features like reminders, internet, extense memory, voice dialing, conference.
Free, looks cool, alot of features
Affordable
works, not for a long time
fits in your pocket,has a loud ringer and ear piece
You are able to talk to people!!!
Small, cute, internet access, i-tap
Lightweight, simple to use, cute looking, basic internet access
Small screen, short battery life
Good Software feature
Full feature/function packed phone
see op
none
good voice quality, easy to use, nice features
pretty display, nice colors, cheap
Lightweight, buttons easy for big fingers, clear and readable screen, many accessories/interchangeable parts available.
great sound, gets good signal (compared to other phones in the same geographic area), voicenotes
Phone book, small size
works well with an inexpensive Plantronics headset (M110)
Fancy looking phone, easy to use, very durable..even when dropped, good reception, lots of features
OK reception, nice ringtone quality, small and light
Large phonebook, alarm
Comfortable to wear, loud ringer, interchangable covers.
There are no pros worth putting up with this phone for.
Great reception, Durable, slim, customizable
Good looking phone, trimode
Nice looking, bells and whistles.
Phone has been dropped several times and it still works (in a leather case).
Color screen, ringtones
decent display, good ringtones, good price
Small size, digital and analog capable.
Joystick Control, Lightweight, Bright backlight
Cheap, ergonomic shape, menu easy to navigate, good selection of graphics and ringtones-very personalizable
Tons of functions, small, strong vibrate function
display, loud ringer, size, joystick, and easy menu search
None.
Cheap
Small, Durable, Inexpensive, Effective
Very stylish.  Attractive color screen and lots of features.  Very useful speaker function.
Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
A decent phone with some unique features!
Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
Large screen, clear reception and great functions
Beautiful screen.
Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
Battery life; voice clarity; volume
Neat camera and video.
Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
Easy to use feature loaded.
can pull in a signal where others can't.
camera phone & it was free,
Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
Great signal, durable, compact
Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
Good reception, bluetooth.
Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
Many features.
Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
Large screen, clear reception
1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
See Review Above
Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
Good battery life
Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
Great clarity, tons of options, Internet/email capable.
Keyboard, IM, GPS, camera, perfect for texters!
Good mobile internet access, usable keyboard, bluetooth
Large interior screen, size, QWERTY keyboard
my favorite feature is the MP3 player.
Big screen, QWERTY keyboard, Multimedia capabilities
Features, keyboard, price,
Lots of features, hours of fun
EXCELLENT signal reception and clear calls.  Good build quality.  Convenient design. Full featured. Battery life.
Clean Design, Excellent Display(s), Functional Keyboard, Everyone thinks it neat.
Great keyboard, internal screen, signal, camera/video, internet capability. Excellent voice call. Good PDA.
Great for texting, if you're into that
Dual Number Pads, Speakerphone, mini keyboard
Wirless internet (3G), text messaging, and a camera.
QWERTY keyboard, Easy instant and text messaging, good speakers,and good camera
Besides being the best phone, it also is a great MP3 player, texting, etc.
Battery life, screen resolution, speakerphone
Everything
Nice looking with useful features
Small size, light weight, clear reception.
Compact, good screen resolution
Nice appearance
Excellent signal and reception, screen is sharp, polyphonic ringtones, easy-to-use voice dialing, great battery life.
Nothing really amazing here
Good battery life, good service, voice dialing, love the original faceplate and the color screen
All cellular phone companies claim that Motorola has the best reception.  Lots of frills
Nothing spectacular - just another phone
reception durability
Basic mobile phone features.  The phone was free from Sprint.
Three-way calling, vibrating mode, free calls after 7:00 p.m. and on weekends
Clear, great reception, cute ringtones, GPS capabilities.
Great sound quality, long battery life, inexpensive.
?
Bluetooth Wireless Capability; Sleek, Durable Design
Durable and capable. Camera, bluetooth, games. Upload or download your own sounds, images and videos.
when it charges I loved the phone and its options
to me, none.
Really slick design, terrific display, bluetooth, no disabled features
Looks cool, some useful functions, good battery life
Compact, camera (still&video), decent battery life
Slim, stylish, and just a great looking phone
Great reception, better camera, good looks, Bluetooth
Great design
Great design, easy to hold, great screen, great reception
Slick looking.  Easy video & camera features.
-Thin, light body- very stylish
Call quality, ability to get signal where my others phones couldn't
Great reception and wonderful display
Sleek (duh), compact (bigger duh), crisp sound, helpful features, Verizon network
It is also coming down in price and becoming very affordabl
Great design, amazing signal range, next generation voice recogintion, good camera and good sound quality
Light weight, thin profile, good battery life
Design, Carrier=Verizon, Camera, EDGE, Feels good to talk on
Sleek look and feel, large screen, great sound
Design, display, keypad illumination, USB charger, integrated antenna.
Sleek, Simple
Coolness Factor, size
Sexy hardware, nice screen, great form factor
bluetooth good looking easy use
Durable and easy to program.
Sleek,light and good looking. Bright keys. Large screen. Fairly good camera. Good vocal projection.
Stylish, thin, light, pics AND video, very durable
small, good looking, does many things 4X zoom Camera.
It looks cool?
Durability, interface, sound quality
nice appearance, clear speaker phone, stores more than 200 text messages at a time
great reception, great call quality, many cool features
Sleek, nice downloads, attractive looking.  That's it.
Sleek,nice screen.
Sleek & sexy aesthetics, large screen
sleek, sexy design, fits in most tight places, camera, bluetooth, mp3 capabilities
Good features, Great to play around with for the Video part and BlueTooth.
Display, battery, bluetooth, design, features
Slim, sleek, classy look
It's flat, small, but somewhat heavy
Thin, seems to be well built (heavy body), good sound quality.
Cute and light.
Weight, clarity of calls, design is fun.
If i had to pick one it would be the large screen...when it works.
-Size
very slim. nice design. big screen
Great reception. stylish, clarity of screen and pictures.
Many great features including: Bluetooth, Infrared, Camera, MP3.
Long standby and talk time. Bluetooth capable.
Price.  Durability.
Feature rich with superb battery life, but weaknesses overshadow strengths significantly.
Good looking phone, bluetooth, tons of features
Cute, cheap, good battery life
Customization.
Cute, slim, cool light-up feature, camera, flip-phone, bluetooth capable
Size, Reception, Bluetooth, ifrared, photo & video, voice recognition, organizer.
Cool features, great reception, fun to customize, good battery life
Nice multimedia/graphics & good sound.  Compact clamshell design.
Trouble free connection to PC with Infra-Red port for any transfer
Cool light effects, compact size, changeable covers, speaker phone
Looks nice, fun lights, changeable face plates
cute shape, bluetooth, the themes you can set, mp3 player, camera, clear speakerphone
light weight
Nice features
everything
mp3 player, bluetooth, reception
free,camera,media net,external screen,sound recording
cute looking
$19.99 phone and no monthly fees.
Simple basic phone, lightweight and thin, inexpensive
None
Phone is loud on the ears, no more walking outside a noisy environment to hear.
everything
Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
A decent phone with some unique features!
Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
Large screen, clear reception and great functions
Beautiful screen.
Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
Battery life; voice clarity; volume
Neat camera and video.
Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
Easy to use feature loaded.
can pull in a signal where others can't.
camera phone & it was free,
Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
Great signal, durable, compact
Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
Good reception, bluetooth.
Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
Many features.
Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
Large screen, clear reception
1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
See Review Above
Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
Good battery life
Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
A solid camera phone with good sound quality!
Relatively tough phone, nice features for a basic or entry level user.
Compact phone with an excellent digital camera and MP3 Player.
MP3 player, 1.3 megapixel camera, many features
Thin design, MP3 player, 1.3 megapixel camera, Bluetooth, speakerphone, removable memory card
Great display, easy to use, sounds great
Megapixel camera. Video. MP3 player. Transflash card slot. Bluetooth. GPRS. Excellent screen.
Great form factor, great build quality, unique, and beautiful screen
Removable storage, PC connection, great video quality and well as sound
Slim, great features and great camera and display, flawless speakerphone and bluetooth.
Great screen, small formfactor (almost like RAZR), good menus, fast T9, AIM/Yahoo IM/ICQ, solidly built
Thin, but not fragile.  Stylish.
MP3 player, Expandable memory upto 1GB, Data connectivity with PC
The screen is big, a lot of memory
Great screen
Looks cool-
Great little flip phone, wonderful sound, strong speaker
Nice appearance, easy to use key pad and monitor
Good speaker phone capability, fairly long battery life
Sturdy, Shortcut key is nice
Easy to use, reception and battery life are great, and the speakerphone is decent.
Seemingly sturdier design with no loss of output or reception. Needs no separate cover.
Style and substance, compact size, loaded with features.
Superb design, great sound quality and reception.
Stylish, lots of features, can use as a modem for a notebook computer
Great phone, easy to use
A little narrower than a RAZR
very robust, quick response from keyboard
Sleek rubber skin, good reception, voice commands.
Ease of Use, Hip Styling, Features
Fun, functional and durable.  Doesn't feel like it'll break in your hand.
*Feel and look.
Motorola styling, choices of applications balanced well. battery life, weight and feel, overall sound quality(input/output)
Look, feel, reception, battery life, sound quality, and personalization.
It is Sexy and sleek and out runs the Razr by a mile!
The case and keyboard layout are beautiful.
Clear sound; modem phone; takes still and video pictures.
Bluetooth, mp3 player, transflash, camera, motorola name
Good Bluetooth functionality, memory is upgradeable, durable, lots of features
-MP3 Player
Good phone, good calls, good camera, good features, has bluetooth.  Inexpensive.
Packed with features, good call quality, easy to use.
Includes easy to use camera and mp3 audio player.  Decent voice/sound quality.  Decent reception.
camera, mp3 player, bluetooth, durable, expandable, large clear screen
High resolution internal lcd, many features, expandable memory card
TOO MUCH TO MENTION IN THIS LITTLE BOX...READ Descrip
Bluetooth is cool. Pictures, video fun for when you dont have a real camera.
Immediate confirmation, fast shipping, responsive to emails.
Good camera for phone, good clarity, menus easy to navigate, good music player
2 MEGAPixel camera, excellent night shots
2MP camera with flash, mp3 player, & 3d java games.
Removable memory stick easy to get to. Takes printable quality pics.
Sexy urban design, definite show off to friends..everything about it is great
user friendly with nice shortcuts.
Excellent display(s).
QVGA Screen 1.3mp Camera BT-SPK-Video MP3wNice Speakers Well Designed and Well Constructed
big bright screen, megapixel camera, camcorder, MP3 player, voice command
Better screen than the Razr. Better reception and audio quality as well.
Slim design, solid build, bluetooth headset has great sound.
Display Rocks, Has bluetooth built in, swivel camera
Big clear screen, quality photos, voice recognition, clear sound, adequate memory, compact & lightweight.
Slim design & strong vibrate feature
Size, looks
Works well for 9-12 weeks;
Very thin, looks good, works good, awesome features
TONS of featuresLightweight & smallGreat alternative to a "smart phone"
Large screen, easy text messaging, no dropped calls! Lots of features. Headphones preferred over speakers.
Nice Design and looks great
Slimness, durable construction
Bad battery life and freezes up.
sleek, small, light weight
good camera for a cell phone, thin design, display is amazing,
Sleek thin design.  Big BRIGHT display - perhaps the best feature of this phone.
Durable, easy to use, some good features
Rugged, but neat, good value for money
Bright inside display; Lots of features
Solidly built, easy to use, many convenient features.
small and sleek, great reception and clarity, withstands beating, reasonable price
Good basic phone, all the expected features, plus GPS ability
GPS, ease of use, cost, loud enough!
Good construction (physically). Decent features, reception.
Good form factor, display bright and clear,
Great clarity, good feel too phone
Uhhh... Wait... It will come.........It was rugged and strong...?
Nice graphic
Lights on the front
Better reception than the Audiovox cdm-8900,
Nice rubberized case.
great, works great, runs great, everything
Very Compact, Flip Design protects face& keys. Price is right.
While not perfect, this Nokia phone is quite nice
Design, excellent voice-quality, great FM stereo, presence of most basic features
The radio works wonders for me, The best feature I think is it's navigation system.
Durability and Portability, fits anywhere, goes anywhere.
Nice software, very fast.
Great performance, nice features, great headset, easy to use, takes decent pictures.
Long life battery, very reliable
Good features - camera, radio
Camera Phone, Flip Cell phone
Radio, messaging options...
small, good keys, can be dropped from at least three feet and not break
Nice slim design & cool looks, Above average reception, Loads of features
Inexpensive and reliable.
Reasonably priced, good reception, internal antenna
Light weight phone with a vivid color display and it's easy to use.
Small easy to navigate phone
Generally good reception, Internet works on most sites
Sound quality, design, reception, ease of use, attractive package.
Looks nice.
Small, light and generally user friendly.
Light weight and has all the features I need.
Compact flip phone, easy to navigate, good amount of features for price.
lightweight, simple
It is very compact and attractive. The price is great.
Has adequate features for the price
Light weight and eaSy to use.
Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
A decent phone with some unique features!
Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
Large screen, clear reception and great functions
Beautiful screen.
Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
Battery life; voice clarity; volume
Neat camera and video.
Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
Easy to use feature loaded.
can pull in a signal where others can't.
camera phone & it was free,
Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
Great signal, durable, compact
Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
Good reception, bluetooth.
Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
Many features.
Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
Large screen, clear reception
1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
See Review Above
Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
Good battery life
Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
Better reception than a pre-pay, lightweight and good clarity.
It's the right size. It's simple. It's reasonably priced.
Good Cost. Basic Functional phone. Fulfills the need of a cell phone. Calendar function.
Good value for its price, easy-to-use, good pre-loaded ringtones, color screen.
Average battery life
excellent speaker phone, 1.3 megapixel digital camera, plays music files, long battery life, MicroSD slot
Good sound, including speakerphone, long battery life
good call and music quality, blue tooth technology, speakerphone
Excellent display resolution, great pictures, good new features..LG quality
MP3/WMA music in hi-fi, Video/Digital Image Capture,BlueTooth Capable,High Reliability,microSD slot, EVDO Broadband Enabled
Tough, Great Quality, Great Features, Awesome!
LQ quality, bluetooth, 1.3 megapixel camera, nice sound
Battery life, camera, clarity, memory slot
Long battery, sturdy, loud speakerphone, good quality, plays well with other devices
Battery life, utility, construction.
easy to use, easy to read display, lots of fun, also an mp3 player
Lots of features
good ergo design, Mobile Web 2.0, many A/V features, easy to use voice dialing
Does everything you need from a PHONE, and several other entertainment options as well
Long battery life, good size phone, great reception
small, lightweight, large backlit buttons, works in the areas where I need it to
Large buttons, good layout, excellent sound and speakers. Get to throw away my Motorola. Sturdy
Light, thin, small, good voice quality, good battery life, good camera & flash
Compact, loaded with features, displays are easy to customize
A very solid, reliable phone
stylish,durable,easy to customize,long battery life,lots of options and add ons
Sleek design, good sound, camera with flash
Excellent battery life; very good coverage; built-in MP3 player
Durability, size, speaker phone, color, clarity, Bluetooth, GPS.
Small and compact. Looks nice. Works decent without hands free.
Loud speaker phone, quick to charge, light weight
It's a phone, music player, camera and much more all in your pocket.
Great signal strength, great battery life
Battery life
Great reception, handy features, small and stylish.
Mobil Web
Great reception, sound quality and features!
Amazing screen, Great sound quality, Cool Form Factor.
looks cool, nice sound, and great LCD
Smooth slide, 2 Mega Pixel Cam with landscape mode , Bluetooth   and IR
Nice camera and dial pad.  Large display.  No ext. antenna.
The light-weight design, durability, camera quality, and slide function.
Great local performance.  Large screen size.  Great CELL PHONE camera.  Nice mp3 player.
good look great photos good reception
Nice black finish, looks cool, 2MP camera and flash
Resist all kind of beats. Never broken. A very useful phone
Relatively slim, compact, very neat sliding feature, quality build, vivid display, and much more!
Features: MP3 player, Camera, Radio, and lots more.
Lots of great features, audio and video options along with storage are great.
A bargain for lots of features. Cute, great design, cool-looking. And, it's a Sony.
Bluetooth, Mp3 Player, Nice Audio, Real Tones, Camera, FM Radio, Address Book
It swivels, good camera, charges quick, not bad on battery.
MP3 player, camera, good antenna, video camera, lots of memory space.
IPOD inspired design, MicroSD memory slot, Stereo Bluetooth headset capable, Reliable Verizon service
Great phone with solid features.  Plays actual mp3 files (not just wma).  Stylish.
light, great phone call quality, good camera quality, hi-res screen, memory expandable
Trendy, Great Sound, Customizable, Great Camera Quality
Great audio and video display!
A stylish full feature phone.
Sleek, smart-looking, very pleasing to the eye.
Looks are great on this phone. Great video camera.
Decent call quality, can play music, slim profile phone.
Great Reception, Great Design, Slide Phone, Large Memory, Large/Sharp LCD Screen, Features
Nice to look at, nice to hold. Cutting edge, cool factor. Nice large display.
MicroSD, MP3, Big screen
SIZE, COLOR, FINISH, VOICE QUALITY.
Sleek, conveniently combines several devices into one, compact
Durable, Small, MP3 player, Stylish
Great design, mp3 player, 1.3megapixel camera, innovative touch screen interface, good presentation, speakers, bluetooth, lightweight,
-When you get your cellphone, the presentation is nice. I even kept the box, it's nice looking. You get many  ...
Solid & sleek design, volume settings
Display, good camera, battery life
great sound quality, quality camera, customization
New, Trendy, Looks Like iPod
music player, low rf emissions, easy to lock/unlock keys
Sleek and full of great features.
Functions well
Very good looking and well built.  Has a diverse voice command system, with many commands.
Stylish, sleek, decent music quality
none, it seems like a cool gadget but its defective junk
Best Price offered , Long Life battrey  Charge
Great looks, call quality, voice recognition and command, features, MP3 player, and battery life.
Sleek, easy to use, MP3 capable, 1.3 megapixel camera, clear calls/sounds, long battery life.
sexy design, eye catching
Good call quality, decent pictures and a micro SD slot
Slim & attractive, loud ringer, nice large screen & keypad
It is small and looks sleek and trendy.
Solid battery life, easy to use, good sound quality, feels more substantial than Razr.
Light, attractive, good display, easy buttons, sound quality is good.
Slim, light, great screen!
Looks Great, works great at an affordable price.
Size, weight, feel, dependability.
Battery life, Bright Screen, Lightweight
Sounds and looks great!
Non functional and cheap
Great basic phone
A great phone with a camera and MP3 player!
Sleek, attractive phone. Very good performance.
Superb basic phone, loud volume, pocket sized design, excellent speaker quality
Absolutely gorgeous, decent audio quality
camera, reception, size, memory card
Solidly built phone- great clear reception
Looks sharp nice display lots of features
thin, looks nice
Size, Style, Light but sturdy feeling, Shiny!
easy to use, great screen-brightness, simple keypad, loud ringer,  very light and compact, flashy appearance
good looks, battery life, call quality, bluetooth.
style, interface
Looks good!!!
Looks good
form factor, weight, dimensions, large screen, great battery, good bluetooth
Light, sleek, Value for money.
Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
A decent phone with some unique features!
Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
Large screen, clear reception and great functions
Beautiful screen.
Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
Battery life; voice clarity; volume
Neat camera and video.
Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
Easy to use feature loaded.
can pull in a signal where others can't.
camera phone & it was free,
Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
Great signal, durable, compact
Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
Good reception, bluetooth.
Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
Many features.
Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
Large screen, clear reception
1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
See Review Above
Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
Good battery life
Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
Features, and loads of them!
Brilliant Screen, Global connectivity, 3G (outside of US), Reception & Sound Clarity, Bluetooth 2.0, Camera
Screen, camera, keypad easy to use, nice form factor, good controls, excellent software
Versatile, Feature-Packed, Solid Double 3 MegaPixel camera.  MusicCenter (mp3player, fm-radio), Video recorder & player
Great sound, great reception, nice integration, compact, solid, OK Camera, incredibly sharp display
Good camera, great 320x240 display, MP3 player sound quality, popular phone platform=lots of games/apps,
Looks Good and large choice of option
Easy to use.  Excellent sound/volume on both earpiece and speakerphone.
Pretty pink, sexy looking, slim profile, bluetooth
compact, attractive, great reception, easy to use, good battery life
Small, lightweight and easy to use.
Just a great little all round  phone.
slim, cool, high tech, easy to use, pink!
Price, Slim Look, Battery
Slim and fits well in your hand
Slim, good looks, easy to use, totally worth the money, bluetooth
comes in different colors
decent battery life.
sleek design, large screen, vibrant colour

Quite small and light. Seems well made and certainly feature rich.
The latest Symbian OS 9.1 SP1 -- it's all you can dream of right now.
nice imaging capabilities
The 5MG camera is high quality
High quality camera. GPS. WIFI. Light, compact design. Easy to sync.
Great video recorder, very nice picture machine, easy menu, nice colours and design.
Great reception, excellent sound clarity, wonderful features.
Reception, video, Music Player, Camera, hi-res LCD's
3G internet, sleek design, swivel camera, MP3 player, text templates
Mp3 player, camera, thin phone
Attractive/sleek
Compact, HSDPA, EDGE, Quad Band, 1.3 Mp Camera/Camcorder, Stereo Bluetooth
Great sound, nice video playback, solid build, MP3 ringtones, solid keypad, rotating camera, bluetooth
Sound Quality, MP3 Player, style and size.
headphone jacks and 3G .
Great Battery life, Bright screen, Great color, Great Sound
Loud, clear speakerphone and earpiece, great camera, slim design
Great Music Player and displays, 3G, BatteryLife, SOLID PHONE!
Good reliability/reception, great audio/music, decent cameras/battery life, good txt/multimedia/internet capabilities
Design and color; MP3 player with external controls; 3G
Great features, nice interface, reliable
Tiny, great sound (ringing, talking, music), Nokia reliability, easy to use & customize, flight mode
The Nokia 5300 is a slide phone that automatically locks  by itself.
Tons of storage and VERY user friendly.  Lots of features!
Cool slider phone design. Wireless connectivity. Easy to use. Use MP3 for ringtones.
Very user-friendly, awesome speaker sound for calls and music, colorful, bluetooth, voice activated
- buttons
Good screen. Syncs with Rhapsody.
slider design, customizable, easy-to-use software, radio feature, external memory
Software, reception, features, display image quality
Great features, easy to use
Great sound quality
very snazzy, easy to use, many different functions, great music player
Amazing design, call clarity, music features, and battery life.
Strong music player, impressive multimedia features, good volume/speakerphones.
Great phone voice quality, Very good MP3 player, Excellent camera, Large memory capability.
Great music
LOADED with features; No moving parts
Great 4 GB IPOD, Good printable CAMERA, Good Video PLAYER, and a phone too
easy to use, good camera, works well
small, big screen. exellent sound quality, usb cable, CD, headset. graphics and coztumizations. battery durability.
Good range of features
Comfortable to hold, easy to use, very good camera for a phone, and full'a features.
Listed above.
Everything- tech, design, build, features, user friendly...
Sound quality is excellent, user interface is friendly, graphics are top notch, great camera!
Well it does work as advertised except for the lockups.
I would say the biggest benefit is a business look with a youthful appeal.
Durablility.
great battery life, easy to use
Small, good sound, My Faves, easy to use
Slim line, very easy to use and very attractive
Its small, sleek, and gorgeous!
not a brick,camera,easy to use,great coverage!easy to get skins and cases,price
Gorgeous!  Sounds great, looks even better.
Lightweight, Compact, Bluetooth, Internet, VCast, 1.3MP Camera, Removable Memory, MP3 Playback
light & thin, read txt on outer lcd, music player cababilities, touch sensative keys
size, styling, 2 color LCD screens, camera controls, voice sound quality +++
Good reception, nice width, excellent music and voice quality, decent battery life, 1.3MP camera
Very sleek look; quality build
Small profile, nice screen
thin, sexy, excellent service
Looks spectacular.  Can fit large storage card in it.  Can use own images for display.
Nice Size, finish and features...  Best looking phone out
Small slim size, aesthetic appeal
Sleek style
Good reception. MP3 and Bluetooth capable.
small slim size is good.  it takes decent pictures.
Size and finish are nice.  V Cast. ! Nice displays.  Good camera. VZ Navigator.
Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
A decent phone with some unique features!
Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
Large screen, clear reception and great functions
Beautiful screen.
Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
Battery life; voice clarity; volume
Neat camera and video.
Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
Easy to use feature loaded.
can pull in a signal where others can't.
camera phone & it was free,
Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
Great signal, durable, compact
Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
Good reception, bluetooth.
Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
Many features.
Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
Large screen, clear reception
1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
See Review Above
Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
Good battery life
Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
long standby time, voice commands, compact, sleek looking, decent camera
Extremely thin and light, durable, great sound quality, good reception quality, amazing LCD.
Excellent display,
Skinny, non slip coating,vivid display.Nice tactile.
Attractive. Nice time display on the outside. Very thin. Nice screen.
A basic cell phone, inexpensive with very good reception and a large number memory.
Nice basic phone!
Price, reception and call quality, simple phone, candy bar.
A great choice for people who just want a phone.
simple to use, has most of the necessary features
Great camera. Great video and MP3. Solid phone.
Small, handsome, full function, exceeds basic needs, good value, travels well.
Tiny, very capable, good conversation piece, good reception/sound, no probs w/ the small keys
great graphics, lightweight, able to be personalized, small
Slim body, great collection of features
Voice quality and service, media player, slim form factor,
A stylish and affordable phone that is finally available on Sprint.
Thin and sleek, Cool color nice features
trendy, good call quality, speakerphone
Small, attractive, good quality on calls, speaker phone is OK. Internal software pretty good.
Thin, Light, Big Screen.
Cute phone; Thin and lightweight; FaveFive Compatible; Several Features: Camera, Video, Voice Phone Book.
RECEPTION!, styling, battery life, sound quality.
Quality sound, Easy to use, Nice features
It looks nice
voice dialing.
Sound quality.
Touch Pad Navigation, Larger Screen, Good Camera, Fun Music Player, Advanced Bluetooth, Fun Phone.
Sound Quality. Clear Picture. External Battery. Features.
Truly Pocketable. Affordable. Fast. Perfect with Bluetooth headsets. Tip Calculator & World Clock features!
Sound quality; Long battery life
QWERTY. Landscape. Fast. Built in Speakers. Feature Set.
Landscape mode with full qwerty keyboard.  Large screen. Very slim
Small size and good battery life.
Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
A decent phone with some unique features!
Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
Large screen, clear reception and great functions
Beautiful screen.
Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
Battery life; voice clarity; volume
Neat camera and video.
Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
Easy to use feature loaded.
can pull in a signal where others can't.
camera phone & it was free,
Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
Great signal, durable, compact
Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
Good reception, bluetooth.
Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
Many features.
Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
Large screen, clear reception
1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
See Review Above
Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
Good battery life
Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
Small and lightweight, Sleek, Easy-to-use LG interface, 2.0-megapixel camera, Bluetooth
Sexy looking phone, sturdy construction, and exceptional performance.
Quality construction, Pocketable, Beautiful Styling
Nice look, good camera, feels like a phone, not a toy.
Good call quality, nice features
Solid feel; great style; large display; quality mic and speakers; the perfect phone with bling
Beautiful, sleek, elegant shape. Stays new looking a long time.
Light weight, VERY LOUD RINGER/SPEAKER, Small in size (good for pockets), plenty of storage space.
Solid serious phone for grownups.  Rugged and reliable.  Great battery life.
Great battery life, nice looking phone, plenty of features, awesome price.
Slim Type phone, Cheap and cool.
Wifi, seamless wifi to GSM transition. Can use instant messaging on wifi. Bluetooth, VGA camera.
Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
A decent phone with some unique features!
Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
Large screen, clear reception and great functions
Beautiful screen.
Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
Battery life; voice clarity; volume
Neat camera and video.
Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
Easy to use feature loaded.
can pull in a signal where others can't.
camera phone & it was free,
Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
Great signal, durable, compact
Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
Good reception, bluetooth.
Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
Many features.
Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
Large screen, clear reception
1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
See Review Above
Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
Good battery life
Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone

