no optical zoom
I wish it had a burst mode like the olympus d-340-r to allow for fast action and recording of sporting events. I can learn to live without it especially since the quality of the printed pictures is so much better than the Olympus.
Smart media card storage
Getting over switching from film to disk
Poor quality and eats batteries
Want to take pic's all the time
battery life, smartmedia card is way too small
Fuji using an un-essential 5V AC adapter, available only from them! Sounds fishy...
Small memory card and poor zoom mode
Slow download time &amp;amp; somewhat degredation in photos in poorly lit rooms
no lens cover
None
Strictly JPEG file format
poor picture quality
No optical zoom. SM card too small.
See above :)
slow transfer time
Slow onboard camera - computer transfer, picture shown in LCD screen prior to shot is a bit brighter than the final image, no lense cover
Useless bundled software, no DC cord included, zoom is kinda weird, not feature laden
Costly power adapter!
Need extra tool for fast image transfer
bad zoom
Eats Batteries
Sometimes light spots on photos
Smartmedia storage, LCD drains batteries quickly, very little zoom.
poor picture quality, questionable quality control
Fuzzy pictures
dial seems flimsy...
Batteries?????
No Case. Lens is vulnerable to damage.
May need accessories, camera starting to show age
Uses a serial port to transfer, no DC adapter in package.
Very poor battery life, the zoom function is terrible and unfortunately the list goes on
no lens cover, have to buy lots of accessories to get up to speed
Doesn't have a flash
Lack of sync plug and firewire, uses too many batteries, very fragile, ISO 320
Heavy. Don't drop it, plastic case, but as good as the N65!
none i have found
Not quite as indestructible as higher priced cameras, 6.1 megapixel myth
125'sec flash syncro., 320 ISO...
N60 body, ISO 320, no spot meter, Menus and operation are not intuitive.
price
As any flexible camera, that is with many controls and posibilities, NOT for newcomers, not for point and shooters. Instruction manual fairly good, Nikon has used video on halide cameras to help learn many controls; may be Fuji should do same.
I didn't find any yet.
F60 body, ISO 320 is the lowest rating
some bleeding at high res
A storage and power hog. It can get expensive fast.
Sucks battery power...Ni-MH rechargables are essential.  Storage expensive unless you use IBM Microdrive.
3.3m effective pixels, high price, missing some useful features
The S602 is a real power hog
Too slow for sports, zoom not that hot, no protective filter
Nothing I can think of
Could use focus assist light for dark focusing
Finding one with all the extras at the lower price
Power hog, micro size and fumbility
Limited to 3.1 MP
Power hug, low-light focusing leaves some to be desired, no firmware upgrades
But try something as simple as attaching a protective UV Filter.
Can take some time to learn all the features.
A little bulky, uses batteries quickly, takes several seconds to turn on/off
NONE
Eats batteries like candy
No zoom during movie mode; many CF cards not compatible with movie mode
No auto-focus assist lamp, fixed (non-moveable) LCD screen
1. Careful reading of documentation a MUST , 2. Will Fuji build a star in follow-up?
Poor low-light focusing ability, power hungry
Slow or difficult low light focusing, Manual focus lag, No PC Socket?
Camera is a bit heavy.  Flimsy lens cap.
Price was a bit steep, and only comes with a 16mb card.
None
Reviewing more than 100 pictures at a time can be a little slow
$800 is still a lot, despite that its a GREAT VALUE compared to the competition
Insane number of features, pretty intense battery usage
None yet
Manual focus is tricky, not true 6.1 MegaPixel
None
out of focus in low light sometimes(minor)
small size takes some getting used to
Internal mains charger
Not durable, poor picture quality, poor flash.
Cons: Sometimes pictures have too much red to them. Zoom is not very good either. If you are not real close to subject, picture is blurry.
None
still doesn't come close to 35mm
No USB
Short battery life, usability of display outdoors
Uneven results indoors, under low-light conditions
No USB, Menu a bit confusing
weak flash, poor for people with big hands
Slow parallel port speeds - No USB
Everything!
Don't drop it!! Second battery might be needed
Less features than competition, Up-close image quality concerns, Different aspect ratios in support resolutions 
None
none
Slow downloading
none
Keep your 35mm too
The flash is always on, flash in big rooms not sufficient
heavy for its size
Refer to this epinion.
People will be jealous.
Slow upload port, red-eye feature doesn't work as promised
Still haven't figured out how to change the clock from AM to PM
No real zoom, slow to download
no USB, only 8MB included
No RAM
No optical zoom, No USB
short battery life
Battery life [but see review].
Lack of USB and others
No USB and no optical zoom, not great in low light
slow serial port,zoom lens, processing high resolution
cheap construction, mediocre JPEG's,poor design,poor LCD
Poor image quality
Slow display
poor image quality, weak flash, dark dull shots
Slow f stop at F4 which is wide open.
Slow
Slow speed. complex controls, slow mode interchanges
Delay in capturing image, battery
manual lens cap
need more zoom!
rather dark optics, a bit slow&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Slower awkward settings than other FUJI's
Slow recycle time between shots. No optical zoom.
slow picture taking
flash range, slow downloads, battery bills
No zoom
MX 500 has no zoom
does not have optical zoom, flash not strong enough for far pictures, 3 second delay before you can shoot another picture, no mpeg mode
Slow to download, no zoom or special features
doesn't always work in all lighting conditions
Flash limitations, Short Battery Life, No Optical Zoom, Slow Image Transfer
Short battery life, slow transfer rate, EXPENSIVE peripherals/add-ons
Indoor pictures have slight reddish cast
Battery Life
spotty quality on some photos, prints not great
upload to computer is slow
Weak flash and only a 2 MB card with unit
Flash-work less reliable; picture quality sags. 
No optical zoom
last years model, more memory cards needed 
None that I have found yet.
Should ship with bigger mem card
must read manual, battery
battery life limited
Resolution size can't compete with new models
A little too little
open front
Very hard to handle... only 2 reclines
Stroller only reclines in two positions
Only two positions on stroller, Car seat gets heavy, No infant head support.
A little difficult to assemble
There were no weight/height specifications that I saw in the directions or on the box.
none
Not good for outdoor use.
Buckle difficult to release; basket hard to access when stroller seat is reclined
Many parts to keep up with
breaks easily
drink tray jiggles a little bit
Not the greatest walking stroller.
There's no light version for 2 kids and the basket snaps don't stick.
My trunk opening is narrow so getting it in the trunk is a hassle
back brakes are not the greatest
none
Hard to push and maneuver
nothing
too big for trunk, seat does not fit on shopping carts
only one recline position, seat belt sticks and doesn't seem sturdy
Not good for use in tight places
NONE
none
not easy to open and close
Basket on the Bottom isn't big enough to hold Diaper bags
only reclines to two positions
not available in nursery themes
Has trouble with large bumps
plastic scrapes
It's pretty big, but it's still really great
Stroller squeaks sometimes
Questionable long term durability
Priced a bit high, but worth every penny.
Squeaking wheels! pad rests on ground when folded
heavy, not easily cleaned.
wasn't the first stroller I bought
?
Window on top of canopy is smaller makes it harder to see child
Takes up most of your trunk space
Front tray scratches floor.
Lots of assembly, hard to navigate takes up half the trunk
not sturdy, break easily
I don't have any :)
too uncomfortable
none
None
None
Limited recline features, awkward folding mechanism
not a real wide color or pattern variety
Feeder tray rests on ground when folded
pad slips, unaccessible basket, folding causes pad to be on floor
Wobble wheels, no adequate sunshade
none
NONE =}
difficult to adjust recline with one hand, when folded it rests on the snack tray
VERY large when folded, small basket underneath
Heavy, big
Bulkly, Heavy,&amp; Costly.
Bulky when folded, difficult to maneuver as children get older, no adult key/drink tray.
heavy and takes up lots of space
Bulky, heavy,  basket should be made better.
Heavy, big
None.
Does not fold very compact.
No cup holder, rear window in canopy
The wheels get stuck sometimes when you try to fold it up.
Will not fit in the truck of an Escort
The material is uglier than sin.
Takes up a lot of storage space in trunk. 
Pay extra for the infant seat, bulky
somewhat pricey
pricey, bulky
None!
Squeeeeeeky, and then some
A little cumbersome
Takes up a lot of trunk space
Only can be pushed from behind and sun gets in babys eyes.
not enough designs
Can only use the seat portion with infants up to 20 lbs.
big wheels take up room
Bulky.  Cost.
None really
large for car trunk, squeaky wheels, baby food tray scratched.
the infant car seat design is poor, tray pops off easily
fabric wore out easy and the padded seat comes off with time
Bulky, heavy, takes up alot of trunk space.
bulky, heavy, hard for short people to fold, wide
Seat belt is hard to adjust, minimal cushioning
the basket in the bottom of the stroller will tear if packed to much
Difficult to manuever&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Can be Bulky
Flimsy Straps, small adult cupholder, very difficult to steer and turn.
heavy infant carrier, takes up storage space
Got a little squeaky after 6 months of use.
The car seat is very small my son grew out of it in four months.
Tray hits ground when folding, soft squeak in wheels after some use.
Very large-hogs alot of car space, not very "cute" patterns.
big and bulky, takes up a lot of trunk space
straps hard to adjust, have to remove both adult and child cupholders to fold
Squeaks.  Hard to take apart to clean!  
scrapes
Chintzy fabric
It squeaks a little after 1 year of walking 1 mile with it almost everyday
Brakes are two separate levers, hard to adjust seat belt
Storage rack under seat not fully accessible when seat in full recline
None that I have come across
It falls apart after 4 months and it becomes to heavy to carry
none!!!!
bulky in trunk
larger babies don't fit as nicely.
Wears out quickly, and difficult to clean
Takes up TONS of trunk space
Stroller is kind of heavy.
bulky when folded up
expensive, bulky, and heavy
The stroller is really big and hard to maneuver through shopping isles in department stores.
takes up alot of trunk space
Slightly cumbersome
Bulky
Some minor flaws, but nothing major
minor inconveniences found in almost any stroller
Still a little heavy to lift.
Can be difficult to remove infant seat from base and from stroller, 3 point harness
The carseat head support is a bit awkward; not for babies over 26 inches
Hard to find due to demand.
I have not had any problems with this product.
The car seat gets outgrown by 3 months!!
Can't stand it up in the folded position like other strollers
Stroller is not suited for a toddler, wheels squeak, stroller does not seem sturdy 
As with most strollers, it takes up some space in the car
a little on the heavy side when carrying
two-handed release to fold
nothing to big to mention
I must say that this stroller has very ugly patterns.  It can also be bulky.
none that I've found yet
One hand folding difficult, cumbersome carseat/carrier
base difficult to install
stroller a little awkward to close
Sunshade on stroller could be larger
Bulky
Not something you can tuck under your arm if you're running to catch a train or subway, getting into a taxi, or just  when traveling. 
heavy and bulky
handle is high for a shortie like me!
you'll still need a travel stroller; addtn'l bases only avail. by mail
flimsy stroller, stroller doesn't recline
a little more storage needed
Bulky and heavy
folding could be a problem for some.
nothing really bad to say about it
Frequently overused and akward to carry
booklet
A little heavy, takes up alot of room
It is sort of big and awkward and can sometimes be hard to set up.
the big wheels make it bulky
Not all that I can see.
Large, heavy, wheels squeak
flimsy, mine broke
A lot of money for nothing, not much space, bad steering
Heavy and a little bulky in trunk.
handle on carrier
None
need both hands to fold or unfold!
Heavy stroller
heavy, bulky, folding hazards
Bulky, not free-standing when folded
The car seat is hard to carry when your child gets above 14-15 pounds
Everything about it.
not as compact as an umbrella stroller
None!!!!
Carrier is a bit heavy--but all models seem to be.  
The seat adjustment is tricky 
Can be bulky, non-reversing handle and canopy
Not enough reclining positions
Carseat itself is quite heavy for carrying around without the stroller
Fabric design not the prettiest around.
Squeaking Wheels and bulky
Falls apart
Somewhat heavy, not for sportcars with tiny trunks
Pretty big for trunk, squeaky wheels
stroller is bulky and takes alot of cargo space
none for me
Car seat awkward to carry
A little wide.
Alittle Bulky to get out of the car. Car Seat is a Bit Heavy.
None 
Baby almost fell out of stroller onto a cement floor.
slightly expensive
Expensive
Difficult to steer &amp;amp; fold, heavy
bigger than the usual stroller
minor
expensive
Underneath Storage Basket Is Small
non
no reversible handle, 2 seat positions
Wheels squeak, rests on tray when stored
heavy, bulky, only 2 recline options
Just that the baby out grows the car seat
Need to buy a car seat after 20lbs.
Squeaky wheel, which was replaced.
Bulky
size
Needs a pointable sun umbrella
To big and bulky
takes up a lot of space in trunk
Car seat a little bulky
Big wheels
could fold a little easier
Plastic Tray Gets Scratched Too Easily When Folding It.
drink holders don't work very well
Stroller folds up funny
stroller can be a bit heavy when floded down
Heavyweight
tray easily scratched
rear brakes
Very pricey
carrier straps are too small
Too BULKY,wheels squeaked and stuck alot.Not very easy to open and close!
Takes up a lot of trunk space, but probably not more than most.  
Large when folded, takes up over a third of my trunk space (mid-size auto).
Wheels do crack; seat will turn moldy if not properly dry.
No legrest, basket hard to get to when seat fully reclined.
Needs viewing window for canopy. Basket impossible to reach when fully reclined.
one hand fold shouldn't be a selling point, canopy
Canopy could be larger, recline takes getting used to
basket is inaccessable when seat is all the way down
Canopy, recline and storage basket.
None I can think of.
Hard to reach basket
Basket inaccessible when using with infant car seat
Fades and falls apart
Spill prone parent's drink holders, in-accessible storage basket when car seat is installed.
not as nimble after a couple of months
Only front wheels swivel, handlebar not reversible.
Flimsy
Small basket, a bit tricky to collapse.
Not many!
No window in canopy, no 5-point harness
Still a little bulky
Heavy and bulky for smaller cars, rear is a little open on the stroller.
Bottom of stroller has a plastic bumper that pops off sometimes!
pricier than some, limited patterns available
Hassle getting into and out of trunk
clunky and awkward to carry
Poorly designed
Takes up a lot of room in trunk
Straps for the carseat are a bit short, had to order extensions
Pricey; Folded stroller not stable when left standing; Short harness strap
Straps on car seat too short
Takes up alot of space, Straps are too short on carseat, Mediocre Stroller
Fairly expensive cartridges.
Ink cartridges expensive
Not a laser printer
Need better support for network printing in NT and 2000
It's life expectancy is SHORT
a little pricey
Price, Ink Cartridges are more expensive
Moderately Larger Footprint; Upper Price Range
no USB, minor issue
Expensive Ink Cartridges and Print heads when needed replaced
Doesn't like envelopes and wish it had greater paper tray capacity.
Absolutely flakey, secret HP policy reference printhead replacement.
noisy, slow, expensive, print heads only available online
Large, but understandable due to &amp;#13;&amp;#10;12X18 prints
A little noisy, large footprint, no bi-directional support with WIN XP
Expensive at first but this IS a business printer after all.
NONE
Price; printed documentation; printhead locking lever; rear manual feed tray.
Worst customer service anywhere.
Rear feed, absence of "no border" printing, paper tray is clumsy (marginal complaint)
Initial cost, physical size, no ColorSync support
Buggy hardware, buggy software.
Prints crooked , can't print to edge  , not waterproof , no user manual
Slow first page, very big machine, expensive
too big for the home desktop, loud and noisy, draws a lot of power
Pricey printer and comsumables
up front price is shocking, however pays for itself in little amount of time
Toner is a little on the expensive side.
noise, speed
You will never be able to move it again
Takes about 3-4 minutes to warm up.
large, expensive for individuals
Noisy; big and heavy
Warm up time
None
ghosting still occurs
wewweefc
Not much in this category....price for some.
warm up time, big area
It's big
it's more than a bubblejet, but wait till you see the quality!
Speed, noise, display of remaining lifetime of consumables
Long warm up times.
Color is addictive.
Very heavy and big.  Slow to return from standby.  
BIG (not well-suited for sitting on the desk) 
Home Power outlet may be inadequate. See HP specification. 
Long Warm Up Time/Slow First Page to Print in Color
Big, heavy, expensive, requires a lot of power.
Typical Home power not suitable, Warm-up times
Constant PAPER JAMS
expensive upfront cost and consumerables, slow to warm up out of standby mode
none
Sometimes a little too strong for light sheets of paper.
Extremely poor software, difficult to abort print jobs.
Problems with thick paper stock
Black is more of a really, really dark gray. Large footprint.
Expensive compared to other printers
Slow
Quick, but not FAST.
bulky in size due to large paper size
Haven't  found any...................yet.
None that I have found to this point
won't easily bleed to bottom edge of paper
annoying blank feeds, jams on cheap paper
Fast, accurate printing, versatile
None if you have space for one!
minor issues regarding paperhandling with thick paper.
fast mode is marginally noisy.
Short power cord, takes up lots of desk space
Format compatibility - issues with EPS files
May be a little expensive for some.
None so far except it's kinda ugly
cheap made, jams occasionally
Black cartridge must be purchased separately. Jams probable if only one sheet is fed in.
none found yet, had to toss out my good 4 in 1 hp .....
Stopped working one month after warranty expired.
No black ink, must be purchased seperately. No USB2.0 cable included, must be purchased seperately.
Sometimes has trouble taking in paper and shakes a lot when it prints
It Broke!!!
Expensive Ink Cartridges!
Flaw in design that causes the printer to die in a short time
lasted 5 months, then broke. total ink HOG!!! 
none yet
None
poor hardware design, poor software functions. expensive inks and low pages/cartridge rate
Maintenance costs, collaboration
Flimsy, expensive to keep replacing ink
none yet
Surprisingly loud
none yet
Black ink is not waterproof, no greyscale mode.
TINY, un re-fillable inkjet cartridges.
Won't print sometimes, including right now. Makes a swirling noise and smears ink.
Cheap design/hardware, moving parts actually came loose and fell out.
Windows driver have problem, ink catridge seem not have long life.
None.. at all
Not truly 'photo-quality'
Haven't found any yet...
Worst operating cost of any printer on the market: #15 cartridge is a scam #45.
No 4x6 photo slot, with this print quality, it should be there!
Occasionally won't print or skips pages
Can't think of any.
Not real 4800 dpi! (it's almost impossible)
Nothing so far.
does not come with the USB cable for installation, must be bought separately
HEAVY!
INK IS TOO DAMN EXPENSIVE!!!
Not too loud, but not the quietest either.
Not the best HP Product!
Somewhat noisy when adjusting itself
Paper load is a bit touchy, , * Printer Software CD 
Runs out of ink quickly
big, design, no usb cable
Slow to start.  Bloated software.
Slower print speeds than opposition, Ink carts expensive
slow, wet pages come out from printer. 
Rapid fading on certain papers if left unprotected.  Difficulties with paper loading.
expensive ink.
Noisy, a little confusing to set up.
Loud, Not a Photo Quality Printer, No Printer Cable.
none
Print quality is lessened unless using expensive paper
low dpi, Prints slow, Un-reliable
can't seem to change the color....
Low Resolution
very slow
slow, poor quality, poor paper feed, expensive in long run
Jams/uses a lot of ink
Change out cartridges for black/color, slow
Low resolution text, pale color, slow
ink runs sometimes, envelope settings wrong
low quality printing
Color cartridges are high cost
as always pricier than comparable lines
doesn't work somtimes
Black OR color printing
everything else is better
jams at times if paper isn't in straight
Paper jams more often than amount of prints made!
None yet.
expensive ink costs!, seems to take up more desk space because of UFO design
It's a bit annoying that you have to change cartridge for photo printings.
Adding paper could be easier
Cartridge system, flimsy design.
Not many: Flimsy plastic, goofy network install, critical alignment tough
Large footprint, Win2000 buggy,no cables
You have to swap black and photo cartridges, they go in the same slot
Not many: Flimsy plastic, goofy network install, critical alignment tough
Big, flimsy output tray, no USB cable included
Ink cartridges small and slightly expensive.
Cartridge price
no dedicated black cartridge with the photo cartridge, expensive ink
Ink cartridges smaller, but still pricey. Slightly flimsy.
Steep prices for replacement ink cartridges.
Expensive Ink Cartridges
expensive consumables, like most inkjets
paper loading is difficult
Ink cartridges are rather small, advertised PPM is slower that actual. 
missing apple driver, no USB cable included
A little on the bulky side.
Lackluster color, HORRIBLY expensive ink.
Grey color shows dust BADLY, ink prices are outrageous, and no refills, or generics available.
Color ink cost
none
Wears out quickly.
Cartridges are slightly expensive (probably due to printer head built onto them).
Unable to print on goldenrod color paper! 
Inkjet Cost/Page, Miss Piggy power brick, no USB cable, OK text, S L O W
Uses Ink Faster Than Any Other Printer I've Seen., Bulky.
Large footprint, buy your own cable, HUGE transformer on power cord
The Cost Of Ink Is A Little Below Average
Ink cartridges are more expensive
Ink cartridges are small, otherwise a great printer!
Ink Cartridge costs
takes up a lot of space on a desk
Expansive ink!, only 19ml of black ink, cover plastic\ink holders tends to brake.
Short-lived ink cartridges; better for photos and reports than plain text., 
AC power adapter is poorly designed
As with all inkjets, cartridge cost
Decides to go crazy sometimes, printing obscure things.
Some "design" issues.  Cartridge life.  Expensive cartridges.
As with most color inkjet printers HP's are a bit on the pricey side.
not the best quality, some jams, LOUD
Product useless, warranty is a joke!
Loud AC adapter, slightly wrinkles paper
Slower than I would like
Very Poor Item and Unfair fees from  Customer  Service
ink eater
poor printing quality
Still too noisy, &lt;i&gt;These cartridges cost how much!!??&lt;/i&gt;
can only use either black OR color cartridge at one time
It is HP
Poor quality, slows PC system to a crawl, print excruciatingly slow
Needs special ink for even halfway decent photo results.  Very slow when printing photos.
not the best out there
poor photo quality
A little noisy
a little noisy, photo output a little too dark.
a little slower than other hp printers- but no snail
Loud as anything I have ever heard! As slow as Mother Theresa to a strip joint.
Slow, low resolution printing
Everything
it is SLOW, and the ink is not cheap
Slow printing process
rejects ink cartridges when turned off
A little slow
Ink Jet Cartridges are Expensive
noisy, 
none yet
no problems
Poor Quality on Photos, Slow
trouble feeding paper
Very noisy and shaky when printing
Noise level, envelopes jam when printing
ink tends to run
Fair quality photos and noisy
Doesn't do much besides print
printing photos, customer service
Cost of operation
Smearing, bad print quality, noise, refusing to print, printing worthless symbols &amp;amp; characters
It does require a little effort on your part......
black ink smears sometimes in mine
cartridge price, size of printer
always claims to be out of paper
None
Unreliable, is not compatible with many software programs 
Slow speeds, photo cartridge is not a true**Photo Ret II
None for the price
Slow, horrible quality, terrible machine
ink availability, slow on images
Doesn't work very often
cost of replacement ink cartridge
Slow
Color good, but not not as good as you may need
Noisier than my Canon, pulls more than 1 sheet of paper through at a time.
Doesn't work with many programs
needs new ink carts every so often as do all printers
none
Bad longevity, and poor value for the money
slow
Speed
color quality and dpi are lame, price too high for the unsatisfactory results, and VERY NOISY!
a bit slow
SLOWWWWW
Doesn't print extremely fast, although it isn't slow either.
Noisy, slow and clunky.  No USB.
Slllowwwwww, unable to really multi-task
can't find anything negative to say about this printer
A little slow, occasional software problems and hard to figure out.
EVERYTHING ELSE!!!!
reliability, bulky
Big and bulky
don't know of any
Noise, Feeding problems, rough operation
poor photo quality, slow
occasional smears, grainy graphics, large margins
large footprint, inadequate memory
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Horrible black and white printing
Too slow, no compatibility with other printer cables, color quality isn't too great
Only if ink were cheaper (all ink)
none
Slow, CPU intensive printer driver, ink cartridge cost.
Can slow pc down
None.
print quality, slow printing, warranty
Not a reliable printer with shor warrenty and bad print quality
Takes two cartridges like most, they are expensive
Slightly grainy
It takes a LONG time to print anything in the best quality mode.
Slow and loud - well, louder than my previous printer.
Slow and unreliable
Slow and unreliable
No good Win2k driver, Slow
USB can be difficult to hook up if you don't know what you are doing
A slow printer with low resolution and expensive ink cartridges.
Rather slow and frustrating.
none to speak of
not the greatest speed
Slow!!!
A bit noisy, it's kinda big compared to some printers
Expensive cartridges, low quality, slow.
Poor image quality? slow.
Prints pretty slowly when printing in high quality
Slow,    not as clear as the other deskjets.
Slow. Noisy. Flimsily built.
Rather noisy, expensive cartridges, color prints are slow
Takes a long time to print a page, noisy, several steps to install.
Pages print slow whether they are black and white or color. The quality is poor.
It &amp;quot;thinks&amp;quot; a while before it prints.
Lackluster photo reproduction (to be expected in this price range)
slow color print speeds
None
$35 ink cartridges and expect to have repairs done.
ticks, false paper jams, bad connections
I haven't found anything I didn't like
Easy to smear ink, small amount of paper held, envelopes difficult to use
ink runs out too quickly, loud, unstable, printing is terrible
poor quality
Slow, often streaks and runs
noisy,good only for individual users and SoHo users
mines a little broken =(
It seem to use up the black ink a little fast.
hogs system resources, poor print quality, poor text quality, smudges, smears while printing, no network use, no ram
a few problems here and there, but who said I was a technology whiz!
Slow yet below average picture printing
slightly shakes when printing
It's not the top-of-the-line printer.
no complaints
No onscreen display of cartridge usage, so you know when you're getting low.
Nothing much.
cost of the ink.
Not as fast as the 800 series HP printers
bad at printing graphics, broke after 3 months
Have to use Hewlett Packard supplies
doesn't like to share with other printers
?
none that I can see
no auto-shut off, single feed for envelopes
slow, only &amp;quot;ok&amp;quot; quality
may not be the best for intricate graphics
Color printing takes longer
occasional ink smears
Occasionally hangs up, cartridges are expensive
goes thru the ink!
i print too much
a little slower than more expensive units
not perfect
Words come out Smeared, Printing erros, Ink comes out fuzzy
says it is out of paper when it isn't
a little slow &amp;amp; expensive refills
Poor software
EVERYTHING
Cost of Cartridge 
Speed is a bit leisurely.
shape, not the sharpest quality
none
Too much noise, slows computer down, shakes my printer stand
Not so good color quality compared to equally priced Canons etc. and EXPENSIVE ink cartridges.
none for the price
waste of paper, bad printout, black and white only
none
EVERYTHING
You get what you pay for
Can Streak/ Fair Quality Print
Color ink cartridges are expensive
Only medium quality, and sometimes mismatches colors (usually only if ink cartridges are low).
Streaking constantly
None
Not the highest definition print available
Ink Streaks
Does not handle color well, is very very loud when printing.
jams a lot and broke fast
Noise, lowered quality over time.
not good for professional picture applications, slows down your computer when running
yellow light, loud
read opinion for further details, too many to list here.
HP DeskJet 697C
LOUD, bulky
Never know when it will work
HP corporate anti-customer policy
cartridges, but I think they are all expensive!
slow speed, paper jams
Haven't found any yet.
It wasn't free (only thing I could think of)
low ink reserves
Price of cartridges
cost of ink
Havent had any
The price is higher than some brands.
none
none
Installation program is terrible. 
lousy design on paper tray
none
Photo quality limited to higher end papers
i cant think of any
none
Very inconvenient in DOS
drivers?
3 pages per minute color
No USB
Side to side action sometimes shakes desk
better options available
drivers Bi-directional  conflict with NT 4.0
None so far.
slow color printing
Can be pricey for the ink cartlidge
none to date
customer service leaves room for improvement
can think of none unless you want real speed
slow color print time, especially high definition
slow at printing pictures
I have not found any yet
None
size and shape
Average color printing quality
Cartridge cost and waste of two of three colors
none
$25 - $35 for a replacement ink cartridge
printer cable that you have to buy separately
Can't think of one
awkward size
printer software better on the Cannon
Only works with Windows
small ink cartrige
Can be a little slow when put into &amp;quot;Best&amp;quot; mode
not too fast
none
nothing!
Color printing is slow
slow
712C has no USB, cartridges cost money!
slower processing
Poor picture quality, eats up ink cartridges fast 
Ink cost
Not the fastest printer
Not real fast, small paper tray
Don't have any at this time!
none
None to speak of.
a little slow
none stands out.
Slower than LaserJets
a little slow
Size and ink cartridge cost
sometimes the littlest things can screw it up
Shakes a lot, slow when printing a lot of color, cartridges can be expensive
none at all
Ink cartridges are expensive.
Size of printer itself
May not be the newest printer on the market... hey, it's a classic!
None I can think of..
they don't give them away
Noisy.  Won't take heavy card stock.
HP does not have an 800 number for tech support
It won't dust itself!
The Limited Choice of colors on the case
Speed and low (not for professional purposes) quality
A little bulky
There are better printers out there.
Same as other printers:  expensive toner!
Paper tray only "likes" a few sheets.
Prints too slow
Drivers
Refills are very expensive
Photo printing a little slow
None
None that I have  noticed
Pain in the rear to set up over a network.
none
Needs frequent black ink change
cost of cartridges
not as fast as some might like
slow
Slow printing on photo paper
not photo quality
It runs out of ink and I have to wait!!!!
Printer gets noisier as it ages.
discontinued
As always, you have to maintain it, and be diligent on making sure the software that runs it won't crash.
Only con is that they no longer sell these.
Small paper tray.
none I've found
small paper cartridge
could be faster, S-H-A-K-Y
A little slow on the color, vibrates a bit
Don't think there are any to this one.
None come to mind.
does not print like a laser printer
Printer takes a little longer to print out color projects
none
Slow for high quality pictures
none
None!
Not as fast as laser printers
Cost of cartridges, print size
Slow when printing color.
Curling of Pages
no cons what so ever
Too big for my small desk
It's not a laser, but it doesn't cost as much either.
Windows Driven (memory dependant), no DOS printing
none
Using standard quality paper, ink can smudge until dry (which only takes a few seconds)
Small paper tray (100 sheets)
uses CPU for image processing
Printer cartrige cost.
none
None
um...... a little on the expensive side
None
none
ink is slow compared to laser
It doesn't fax!
nothing
Non really.
Not Much - Parallel Connection :-(
None!
not expensive enough!
Cartridges are really expensive
Only holds 10 envelopes
does not hold a lot of paper
very expensive printer cartidges
cost of ink cartridges
A little slow if your in a hurry
Horrendous memory usage, destabilizing in multitasking environment.
can be slow on big projects
I don't know
Many Paper Jams, A Long wait on pictures
1.Low-Res pictures won't look good on this printer. 2.slow on photo jobs. 
Difficult installation, software interface
expensive
Easy to use
Color sometime off on color prints
a little slow
none
None that I've found
Copies dry a little slow sometimes so be careful
None
None
A little slow
none
Color is good for a home unit, but not professional
None
none
burns through ink when not in draft mode
Software is a bit difficult to install, cannot use on Mac
Small paper tray, expensive ink cartridges, always a new &amp;amp; better model on the market
nothing specific to this printer, just drawbacks of inkjet printers in general
Shakes a little too much
None that I can think of
NONE!
A little slow on best quality
Print cart. are expensive (every brand is)
Jammed trying to print on fabric..
Small paper capacity. Only holds 50 or so sheets at a time.
not too many!
Can't be repaired except at HP
Use a rubber mat to stop the slight shaking.
None
None to date
Replacing ink is expensive
Not PHOTO quality
Noisy and shaky
Reliability, bad drivers, expensive ink
noisy, slow, and shakes a lot
Average print speed
A little slow
pricey cartridges 
Easy to atomize when thrown into high-speed traffic.
ink price
Can't match the power of today's DeskJet printers
Ink Cartidges are expensive
Slower than some, no USB support, 3 colors in one cartridge
none that I've found
Printer is slow &amp; the drivers lock up
There is absolutely nothing negative to say about the DeskJet 722c.
None
None come to mind.
Ink cartridges are expensive.
None!
Cartridges are a bit expensive
Software hard to install when using USB cables
Expensive ink cartridges, boring look
Doesn't come with cables...you must buy yourself ( I suggest USB if you have win98 or higher)
Sometimes slow, and awkward
Not capable of doing high quality pics
High cost of black ink
none
limited technical support, slow printing speed
Can't get inkjet printed paper wet!
none
Needs expensive paper
I go through cartridges quickly
expensive cartridges, has problems with using refill kits,
expensive ink cartridges, no cables included
ink is expensive, sometimes screws up pages
Ink cartridge prices. Unit quality.
Overpriced ink cartridges, slow
none found
Replacement Cartridges Are High
Slow on big graphics
A nuisance aligning the ink cartridges
Why do I get this random form feed?
Can't think of any cons
Continuous problems with printing
No printer cord included
Paper jams sometimes, bad rollers
Ink is a little expensive
Speed
Cartridges are expensive
Not too fast
Small black ink cartridge that's not as universal and slightly more expensive.
Cost of cartridges
Slow on some graphics
slow to start printing, small paper tray
INK REFILLS ARE NOT CHEAP
Small Paper Tray, Only one USB.
Ink is expensive
may not be the newest or fastest 
small ink cartridges
None
None.
Boy those cartridges are pricey!
None
black cartridge hard to find
small, exopensive ink cartridges
random noises
Not as fast as a laser printer
Ink cartridges are expensive
ink cartridges are $30, but they are for any printer in most cases
Slow
Printer cartridges are expensive
black cartridge becoming scarce
Black Ink Cartridge does  not last long
Has issues with Microsoft Word 2000 files with embedded images
Not Newest/Fastest
none that I can think of
expensive cartriges
Better printers for just a little more
ink cartridges are expensive and hard to find at online etailers
Expensive ink cartridges
None
None whatsoever
none
discontinued
none
Refills are expensive
Is there?
Printer cartridges are expensive
size
Print cartridges are expensive.
Doesn't print glossy or large prints
Horizontal paper feed can be tricky on thicker stock
ink is costly
Will not meet needs for someone who does a lot of printing
speed
Still not a top quality printer.
Expensive ink
I need a bigger desk
Print Cartridges expensive, No on screen visual of ink tank capacity
suddenly stopped printing yellow - out-of-warranty service is expensive
original ink cartridge takes a bite out of the wallet.
photograph printing not great
Mediocre Support and Warranty, high ink costs, black ink sold separately, USB only.
Black ink cart sold separately, USB only, cartridges costly, no network support
none so far
It brakes down realy easy,poor picture printing
No low-ink indicator, high cartridge costs, mediocre driver
Picture quality(dpi) is not the best
did not work.
Tears and destroys standard bond paper. Better support from a training bra. 90 day warranty.
Not the greatest quality printer.
none at all!
no low ink light, jams occasionally
none really
A little slow printing high res color photos
Does not have multi functions, such as fax or scan capabilities
buying print cartridges (not too often, though)
may not be adequate for  buisness use
The ink cartridges could hold a bit more.
NONE!
Doesn't come w/conecting cable
none that I can think of
can't think of any
Hp ink is not inexpensive.  :(
none yet
not a one
Has since been surpassed by other printers
Seems to slow
only half capacity cartridges shipped with the printer.
none
none, really
Horribly slow when printing high res color documents
Not as many features as higher models
difficult to install drivers
What cons?  Do you know something I don't know?
Cannot Network
slow, low hardware quality, can only use HP paper, all colors in one cartridge.
Needs expensive paper to produce photo quality images
Maybe a little noisy, takes up a little more space than I'd like.
none
ink cartridges are expensive
so-so linux support
You can see the pixels, and it's slow
Just a little slow, but that's it!
Cable is separate purchase
Could be faster, finicky USB setup
Driver does not show ink levels remaining!
Slow without USB cable
Slow, but it's an ink-jet - they're all slow
Can't think of any...
cost of cartriges
USB functionality does not initialize properly
Slow print speed, expensive replacement cartridges.
Honestly, NONE!
Big, expensive cartridges, can't stop a job in the middle of printing.
NO SUPPORT..
Sometimes the paper jams
Doesn't stop quickly
Cartridges are expensive.
Jams a lot; jams are difficult to re-start
Printer Ink Cost!!!
Very, very slow.  Slightly difficult install.
Very slow speed for landscape oriented documents.
slow speed
Sometimes has tech problems (but not many)
Slower than average speed, paper jams
expensive cartriges
none
bulky design
New model, no deals on price yet
Slow
Doesn't Have Separate Color Wells, SLOW SLOW SLOW.
Expensive Ink Cartridges, Short (90 day) Warranty
um. . . . I don't know of any
Price of the cartridges
No official Linux support, and incomplete unofficial support.
No cable included, and speed is not especially impressive
--
prints kind of slow, weird paper problem
Low Speeds
color images average
Not worth the trouble
None, maybe a little slow, but for the price it is just fine.
As with all printers, the ink cartridges are expensive.
Somewhat Slow Speed
cost of ink cartridge. 90 day warranty. no alter to ink level 
Uses ink too quickly, cost of ink cartridges
Prints a little slowly when printing in color
Slow on a parallel port
Slow print speeds, expensive cartridges, tech support is the worst.
a bit large, cartridges are expensive, incredibly slow, all colors together
VERY SLOW, Ties up the whole computer
slow printing speed
printer refill expensive
may have slight problems interfacing with windows ME
High Operating Cost; Average Resolution; Slow
Can be SLOW; You have to buy your cables, which adds to the cost
Uses the color cartridge to make black ink, didn't come with any cables
Can take a long time for top quality prinouts to emerge&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
none so far
None
Prints somewhat slowly, USB cable not included.
only one- no DOS printing
Lines, errors, sometimes refuses to print
Speed &amp; only supports USB.
Only takes USB port, takes a long time to process information to the printer
Can take awhile to print higher quality images. Cartridge cost can add up.
Drivers don't work with Windows 2000
Drivers don't work with Windows 2000
Deadly support philosophy ruins product experience.
Not really USB compatible
Slightly noisy, black ink smudges if you touch immediately after printing
nothing
none
none that I can see at this time.
The manual
Use photo paper for best results
Printing Envelopes
Price of Cartridges Somewhat High (Can use refill kits to offset)
Not much room in the paper feeder
Color Prints
Not fast enough for a business
Fast Drying Ink Cartridge
Large size, No ink level monitors
Clumsy drivers, defaults annoying
Price of cartridges
cant think of any
Ink could be a little cheaper.
Ink is expensive, envelopes seem to jam a lot      
none that I have
Customer service, warranty in the gray area
a little higher price but worth it
cost of supplies, paper storage is limited
a little pricey
None
Software drivers are poorly coded.  Causes problems in printing and alignment.
outdated (already)
High cost of replacement ink cartridges; doesn't hold enough paper in the tray
none
slow printing pictures with a lot of colors
Occasional smearing when printer is low on ink
rather steep price tag
NONE
It's not under $100.00
technical support
No cable, problems with VIATech chipsets.
To print one picture in &amp;quot;Best&amp;quot; mode takes approximately two minutes.
Cartridges expensive to replace.
Ink cartridges slightly expensive, but last  twice as long.
Paper tray doesn't fold up
Not network compliant, must buy USB cord.
wrong software
Expensive Cartridges
Expensive ink cartridges
Slow print time
???
a little slow in start up of printing.
Noisy, cartridge prices
Cartridges are pretty high.
A little bit pricey.
None
none
takes up a little bit more desk space than some other brands
needs two cartridges, i think it should be in one
still uses 2 seperate ink cartridges
Refill cartridges are a little expensive, though, they last.
Nothing I've found
A little slow sometimes; costly ink cartridges
Destroys computer when re-installed
I can't think of any
original cartridges that come with printer are short on ink
Chronically misfeeds
Doesn't like to be chained with a parallel scanner
Ink Cartridges are a bit expensive
practically drinks ink
pricey
thirsty printer; doesn't give warning when cartridge is running dry
Needs ink jet paper for good text quality
None
look at the HP 880/882 also great
None
Better choices for high-end photo printing
$300 price tag is just too much
Overpriced
Internal Errors
USB somewhat unreliable
Need to use a bidirectional parallel interface instead of usb or some utilities will not function.
haven't found any yet
Price
Ink cartriges a little expensive
has some problems with excel spreadsheets
HP needs to turn out a better variety of print papers.
EXPENSIVE CARTRIDGES, NO HP 800 NUMBER
Costs more than it should
Problems with USB connection
none that I can find
Slow at times
it shakes a little
colour cartridges are expensive
NONE
None
Haven't found any cons at all.
noise
Doesn't have good long term reliability
rollers may need resurfacing with rubber restorer
must replace expensive color tank when a single color runs out
Relatively high initial cost, Envelope printing, Minor driver incompatibility 
ink price
None
Rotten customer service, no toll-free tech support &amp;amp; outrageously expensive ink cartridges.
Error Messages Stink
noisy, 1 yr. limited warranty
None
Stalls computer.  Expensive.
Uses ink quickly, small software bundle
Print cartrige cost
a little pricey
NONE
Expensive Ink Cartridges
None
Cost of the printer cartridges.
slow at times
no cons
NOT A Photo Quality Printer 
expensive
Printer software sometimes not compatible with Windows 2000 preset label sizes 
None.
Price
Spites out extra sheet every now and then, cartridges around 30 beans.
Not quite as fast as I'd like but what I want isn't reasonable either!
Color is used up fast
Bare Bones warranty and support (possibly not for Canada), high ink prices.
Slower than average speeds, and the ink will cost you more than the competition.
Same problems with DeskJet 930/932/935 but lacks a few features.
Slow print speed
Slow print speed,no borderless print
Ink cartridges are ridiculously priced
Draft mode produces squiggly line at bottom.
Expensive ink
big size, uses inks fairly fast.
ink replacements are expensive, must buy printer cord sepratly
expensive cartigages
Fold up tray durability questionable
Plastic parts feel cheap and breakable. 
Just don't forget to put down the paper tray
Running costs, being up to 14.4c per page
Print quality, rather slow
can't think of one.
Many
EVERYTHING
Feeding mechanism
Expensive to replace ink.Ink refill kits sometimes won't work.
So so software
Hey HP, double check your software.
Mac users must have USB.
Lousy print feed causes margins to skew!
print speed (why do they always lie??)
Not very sturdy
none for the home owner...this is a quality printer
Customer care is a long distance call
Takes a few seconds longer than my last four printers to begin printing.
only one tray
Paper feed mistakes, software errors, hardware incompatibility
Advertises Win 2000 support but not in the box
Slow
can't find one yet, give me time!
Photo printing
Need USB filter driver &amp;amp; printer driver right away.
Bundled software not user friendly
Still see crooked prints sometime...
none, that I can find.
can hog large amounts of CPU leading to CPU hang times...  may need to wait for printer to finish medium to complex jobs on low to mid range computers
Possible high costs for replacement ink cartridges(cost &amp;amp; frequency ??)
Some USB Issues, High Cartridge Cost
none
Envelopes catches against output tray during output
None whatsoever
None
must purchase $25.00 cable for installation
slow, can't hold that much paper
No cable included, expensive to replace ink
Complicated USB installation , not as fast as promised on the box, and expensive  ink refills.
I can't afford two
doesn't come with the cable
hangs up when printing on the internet...not consistently..
Ink cartridges are somewhat pricey (apx. $35)
A little slow
Cord doesn't connect tightly, connection not stable
none to date
none
a lot, see my comments
nothing at all
Driver did not work initially
rollers leave marcks on paper
Small paper capacity
None
Loud when feeding paper.
Slow
Nothing yet
Setup could be easier, Software not up to date, Color pictures take about a minute to print
text is grey
Buggy Drivers and Expensive Cartridges
none
guide is online-only (bleh)
Cheesy tray, jams sometimes
None
Not enough people have this printer
not a single one!
Wish software had active monitor window
slightly expensive print cartridges
A bit expensive
Black ink cartridge is too small.  Paper size limitations
 a little slow at times
Performance and features slightly lacking, no second paper tray
W2K drivers not on the CD
slow printing
Ink Cartridges are pricey.
Sometimes causes computer lag before it starts printing
Noisy cycling of new pages
Not as fast as fast as I had hoped.
The ink lasts awhile, but it costs about 3 fingers and a toe.
Paper jams, less than ideal paper tray snugness.
Expensive Print Cartridges, Doesn't Come With USB/Parallel Cable   
when moved, the cord comes off easily
Ink Cartridge Price.
None as of yet
digital camera pictures kinda disapointing
None that I can think of
As usual, cost of ink
Does not work well with parallel pass through port
A bit slower when printing in color.
Noisy when loading, Low memory
Guzzles ink
None that I know of...
Expensive Cartridges
Ink is  a little bit on the expensive side.
consider something else for high output &amp; business use
Hard to install for Windows 98 
questionable paper feed mechanism; questionable durability
High-quality color prints use alot of ink.
very slow photo printing, ink cartridge cost
That ink can get PRICEY (surprise surprise!)
Parallel port connections with scanner
None
Slow when in 2400x1200 DPI mode
Ink can go fast if you print high quality photos or pictures regularly.
Slower than advertised.  Expensive Ink.
Dont use it with older operating systems because hp drivers suck.
Slow photo printing.
HP Doesn't Like to Discount Price, But Still a Good Buy.
Low memory, USB problems,
Small fonts lose some quality
Cut corners to keep down price
Paper alignment problem now and then; flimsy?
Priner cartridges are expensive
None
None.
Can't see what ink is being used.
could be faster with color.
a bit slow and noisy
Cartridge compatibles N/A, have to use refill kit.
Ink is not cheap (but it's not really expensive, either)
No real problem with the printer, but HP technical support is below par.
None
photo is a bit lack luster
Toners are expensive (aren't they all, though?)
Ink expensive but they all are.
Expensive Ink Cartridges
A bit slow when printing with color
Slow color printing. Adding paper was difficult at first.
Paper Jams, price
slow, response time is slow
none so far
Costly ink, but whose isn't?
None yet...
Slow when printing in color, camera prints are mediocre
Cartridges are a tad high in price, short 1 year warranty
A little slow
Printer sharing with USB requires the software on every computer that will use the printer
a little slower then other 900 models
low black resolution
SLOW
meager 100 sheet paper tray, expensive ink cartridges
 
None
Jams Alot tho!
service
NONE!
couldn't find any
can't think of any
Ink tanks are moderately expensive.
Can't think of one!
delay printing first page
Needs updated driver, some paper feed problems
none
$40 ink cartridges, but aren't they all these days?
Grey text
I haven't found any yet
price of replacement cartridges, single multi-color cartridge
print margins
Not super fast
a little slower than more expensive models
crappy graphic, poor and expensive tech support
None
not on your life
None
None.
Weird Symbols Appear when the Ink Runs Low
paper is finicky to load sometimes
No cables included, some problems with bundled software
none
patience required on high quality photo printing
Knocked out my LaserJet, difficult USB install
Slow color prints
Costly refills (but they do last a while)
none.
USB wouldnt work On windowsME for me
sometimes feeds more than one sheet of paper
Ink Cartridges Costly (but they all are)
Tricky USB installation routine, different body styling.
Not the fastest on the block
A bit slow. EXPENSIVE consumables. "Handy" bundled applets.
Expensive cartridges, flimsy input tray.
A tad bit slow
Speed.
Expensive cartridges (approx. $30/ea.)
Text perhaps not as sharp.  Appears cheaper than my 660 CSE.
 The 932C print driver software is not too good. Get the new one!
nothing so far
Limited paper supply, no dual USB jack, expensive ink cartridges.
SLOW COLOR PRINTING, black text quality is only average, body of printer feels cheap
Ink runs out fast, original driver sucks.
none 
Feeder occasionally iffy, slightly wonky drivers, a bit heavy.
None yet.
Unable to save custom settings; no on-screen progress monitor; weak blacks
Picture quality is not great; unless you buy their HP Premium Papers, cartridges expensive
Some paper jams. 
Bundled software, cost of cartridges
Somewhat slow, grabs multiple sheets of paper
Expensive cartridges, a little noisy
sometimes media loads crookedly, had one photo paper jam (yikes)
ink cartridges expensive, paper-feeding-wheels cause jams-after awhile
Lots of paper jams
Noise. Ink cartridge cost(all are).
none at this time
no duplexer, no infrared, see other cons in cons section
3 month warranty, No infrared receiver, High ink prices
none
Price of Ink Cartridges
Ink is expensive, but that's not the printer's fault...oh wait, its an HP!
No instruction manual, changing ink cartridge is tricky, text is not sharp 
None
None
This printer is the worst printer I've ever bought!!!!!!
Not particularly good for printing out 4x6 or other normal photo sized prints.
Jams a lot, fairly costly ink
Did not print photos!!  3 month warranty, no toll free tech support.
Instructions almost non existent
waste space.
Cartridge Price; Paper Handling
ink is expensive, but not more than most other printers
Look for good price breaks for deals to lower cost
Does not work well with a data switch or reset easily; jams frequently
cool
Too expensive compared to 930C
Cartridges cost a bit, USB and Parallel cable not included
cost
Not a one
Really cannot think of any
I haven't found any.
can hog large amounts of CPU leading to CPU hang times... may need to wait for printer to finish medium to complex jobs on low to mid range computers, price is a bit much for some budgets
not supported for B&amp;amp;W G3 or OS10
expensive. 
small driver bug, comes with 1/2 full ink cartridges!
lame-o drivers
A bit pricy for some
Color does not always perform, customer service has major problems
Some problems with network printing, Photo paper hard to find
touchy
still a little slow to print color, uses toner quickly
None that I have found
None
4 X 6 Photo paper slot will not feed.
Slightly slow on high quality pictures.
Too Many Problems
Envelope feeding, Speed
HP software conflicts with some systems, HP support poor
none yet
Problems with  single envelope feed
People (not me) report paper misfeeds.
Pricey color cartridge, sometimes too much printer for average user (check 932C also).
1st one broke
buggy, feeding problems, and many more.
The paper feed is a constant source of frustration. It does not work!
Expensive ink; comparatively expensive
Ink use
not cheap, photo paper expensive
No cables, economy cartridges
weird sounds when printing
Cost of ink cartridges
none
Color not as good with cheap paper. Inconsistent handling of odd-sized paper.
Expensive ink and may not be as fast as the more expensive hp printers
None Yet
A bit hard to load more than a dozen sheets of paper.
Ink
envelop slot and 4x6 photo slot jams, outrageous prices on ink.
Possibly not quite as good at photo printing as the six-color photo printers.
None so far.
Buggy Macintosh software, paper feed is not straight. 
None,so far
none, so far
sometimes it is slow
It's not supposed to be a shredder
Too fast (paper jams), Price.
Scratched the gloss off the photo paper
None yet!
None.....
It could be faster
None so far!
Gobbles up paper, shreds, and spits
a little bit noisy&amp;#133;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Paper Jams
HP ink is always expensive
None so far.
Constant paper jams, color cartridges cost way to  much. 
When printing photos, ink takes a long time to dry.
Lasted 11 months before started eating all paper.
Still high cost, no duplexer, no infrared port, see cons in review
None
Printer cable not included.
Took a little longer to install
None.
None yet
Prints crooked, No 800# tech support
After one paper jam things got very, very bad
High volume feed problem
Difficult to install USB drivers.
Takes a while to set up.
The software can sometimes be a cumbersome install.
Still high cost, no duplexer, no infrared port, see cons in review
Sometimes it's difficult to figure out.
Sluggish performance; Two-sided Print Module is a waste of time and money.
Inks are expensive, but that applies to all H.P. inks, but the inks are great.
Definitely printer and cartrifge price and poor image stability.
Occasionally may cause your computer to freeze.
inkjet speed, cost
I haven't had any reason to complain yet!
None
Envelope printing. Must be fed in manually
No warning when you run out of ink
Paper started to jam in it after three weeks usage.
Heavy processor usage
RIP-OFF cartridge pricing. Can't use black-only if color is exhausted. Duplex printing very slow.
Sorry, didn't find any!
 Cost... Cost...
High CPU Overhead, Expensive
price
pricy
Price
none
duplex feature extremely slow
Slows my computer down while printing and expensive print cartridges
price and ink prices
2X printing could be a little faster, but not too shabby for a first!
Not quite as fast as HP says, but close enough.
Max size is 8.5 x 14
Not enough time to play with it.  Some fixable compatibility problems with older programs.
none
A little expensive
Cost of cartridges, could be quieter......
noise
none yet
Horrible envelope printing and 4x6 photo paper printing.  Toll number for support, and poor customer care services.
black text could be better
None
Price of Ink (a con with any ink jet)
price of cartridges a little high
None.  A very good value!
Blue ink required to print black, quality paper needed
Ink cartridge prices are nearly prohibitive!!
Can be quite pricey.
none
Uses a lot of ink
Takes its good old time to start up
none really
Heavy and bigger than most. 
Jams envelopes, hi cost cartridges!
Duplexing cuts speed drastically
on the expensive side
can be slow at times for large pictures
Cartridges are quite expensive and not refillable at this time.
price
None
None
none
jams all the time, bad resolution, bad software management
none
none so far, maybe limits on paper size
nothing
pricey, cartridges expensive
Expensive - according to R.S.P.
Runs through a lot of ink - and new cartridges cost a bundle
Expensive ink cartridges.
Ink cost
Haven't found any yet
cost of ink cartridges
Runs through ink fairly quickly
Better for small jobs because it doesn't hold much paper (about 75 sheets, I estimate)
A printer for business and home users more concerned about quality than speed&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Cost
can be a bit confusing
30 Second Delay When Using Duplexer / Ink is a Ripoff
Somewhat Expensive but worth every penny!
USB install must be done in sequence, not plug and play 
Not as good photo printing as the 815C
Slow photo-quality speed
Pricey; lack of programmability on printer panel, i.e. duplexing must be done through the driver
no cables included, expensive
a little more expensive than some others
Priced much higher than others but worth it
slow two sided printing
Don't like AdobeActiveShare 
No cable included
price
haven't seen any, yet
None
none
high price
Cost? But you do get what you pay for.
expensive for the moment (The netherlands)
New Technology Color Cartridges are difficult to find AND expensive!
None found yet
ink usage on best mode.
The speed of printing isn't quite as fast as stated in the company literature. The automatic reverse side printing operation is not explained very well in the manual in regards to the adjustments that have to be made in the word processing software. The ty
Price
price
Little on the expensive side
Pretty expensive, but well worth it.
Sort of expensive
It doesnt work
Dull color on plain paper (Use Bright White instead)
Switching between USB and Parallel ports requires a power cycle. 
No Parallel or USB cable included
NONE
Not quite as fast as advertised/Uses tri-color Cartridges
W2K drivers need to include Ink Level Status, No USB cable included.
only fair paper handling
cost
Nothing that I can think of. 
Expensive
none
Watch the paper handling, non-adjustable envelope slot
Can have a few glitches
??price??
Ink costs a lot
Price
a little slow when working with two sided feature
expensive ink cartridges
none!
Was a bit expensive when I bought it, but the price has since decreased.
long printing time at highest quality
none
was expensive, not anymore
Price is a bit more than other Color InkJets
none
Ink cartridges are expensive and this machine consumes ink at a quick pace
confusing technical assistance
absolutely nothing
toll number
none found
Expensive
The duplex attachment is more sensitive to jams.
Documents tend to fall after printing.
Can be a bit hard to get working on USB
CPU hang time on print jobs, still expensive for most casual users
Slower and more expensive than 952C.
not so quite cheaply,
None.
Ink goes very fast, and the cartridges can be a bit pricey! 
Cost
none that i noticed
A little more pricey than some printers, but well worth it.
photo printing has detectable dots, extra software doesn't work on Macintosh
None Found
Ink needs to be changed earlier than most other printers.
I don't see any cons about this printer.
no cables included, expensive &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Recommended: Yes 
Slow color printing when you want good quality, doesn't listen.
Somewhat Expensive, but you get what you pay for!
Slow speed using parallel port, no cables
Price, cartridge prices, print speed
Noisy loading. Gray color.
It takes a few minutes (at most) for the ink to dry out.
Slower, noisy, expensive.
Runs out of ink fairly quickly
Not a laser.
the price might be a little high, but it's quality
Photo quality is still not quite up to Epson standards
Not thrilled with the paper tray.
some features not useful (explained in review).  Ink expensive and low volume.
Squids
Color representation is off and prints with "venetian-blind" effect - discernible horizontal delineation from printhead.
Expensive ink.
slow
USB can be tempramental, Cartidges are expensive
You'd be foolish to expect it: black and white text is NOT laser quality
High ink consumption - cost of it
HP DJ970 Cxi is a "power hog".
Slow in hi-res color, expensive (but worth it!)
Too much for home use and too expensive&amp;#13;&amp;#10;for home use.not fast enough for buisnes
WAS EXPENSIVE,NOT ANY MORE IT NOW COSTS $179.00.....
Ink cartridges a little pricey.
Driver's CPU usage, price, Windows XP driver stinks.
photo printing is not up to par
setup took some extra work (on a printer server), ink expensive
Jams a lot, sometimes prints slow, seems to have a mind of its own
Some installation trouble on WinXP, make sure you have internet access to install.
none
none
Does it take a master's degree in computer science to get this thing to work?
Too many to list here.
Price, Ugly Colors
Ummm...the fact that someone would actually sell this
Doesn't meet everyone's budget for a printer.
a little expensive
A Bit Pricey
One of the most expensive inkjet printers
Too much money
Finicky USB connection
Noisy, Too much ink output, Destroys Envelopes, Jams
 not much
No USB cable included at time of purchase. Expensive.
Very poor photo printing, looks like old printers do, Grainy
Expensive ink, , Pictures don't last long
S-L-O-W To spool up, Jams, Adequate drivers
None
High printer cost means printer is not for everybody, can hog large amounts of CPU time leading to CPU hang time...  you may need to wait for medium to complex jobs to finish printing on low to medium range computers
none
On the costly side
Expensive Ink cartridges.
Very high consumables cost.
None Observed
Only connects with USB and has a rather large footprint
Only connects with USB and has a rather large footprint
Drivers N/A from HP.com and seems to loose drivers after reboot.
has 'locked' or 'stuck' twice
no on-off switch, flimsy construction
Linux support, MAC support
ink cartridges on the expensive side
Loud and it recycles a lot.
None
first one I bought was a lemon
No manual feeder, USB only, No control panel whatsoever
Some page curl 
Only Windows compatible, a bit noisy, no On/Off button, no manual paper feed slot
Everything is controlled through the computer, no frills, PC ONLY
Cartridges are expensive.
No color and cannot be used with the Macintosh. 
No on/off button. No set up instructions or printed manual.
Paper feed is poorly placed, maintenance is costly.
Notorious for failing weeks to months after purchase
toner is expensive to replace
a little big for limited desk space
Paper roller breaks, faint printing, no USB
The verticle paper feed goes defective in every machine with time
Jams on textured papers, limitations with use
will jam incredibly after a period of time
almost constant paper jams on every one we own
Jam, jam, this printer jams horribly and the error coding system is ridiculous!
Paper Jamming, but see explanation below.
Constantly jams even after applying fix from HP
Paper feed issue... the quick HP rememdy doesn't work either
speed, paper jams (all the time)
JAMS, JAMS, JAMS what more can I say., 
Not very fast, Seals Envelopes
Slow on graphics loaded pages, driver can cause problems
Paper Jams
It thinks 20 sheets equals one sheet!
cost
Major paper feed problems
Reliability, usefulness, customer support.
Bulky
the copier feature dosen't work well with pictures, then agian it is grayscale...
color is too expensive
Need the cash to spend on it
Major paper feed problems
cranky -- fails to perform at odd times
Poorly Executed Scanner and Copier functions
Low paper capacity
gray-scale graphics sometime uneven
None I can think of.
paper jams, feeding problems
Paper jams, double-feeds, printing envelopes
i'd go for the 1100A xi with scanner attachment, its really a nice feature
None
toner is expensive
none
can't think of one
No 'off switch', slow processing (not printing) speed.
price
Endless paper jams
Slow, but not for the price
Price
Labels and envelopes are difficult to print
Powers itself down- have to wait for it to restart. 
A little bit expensive, but worth the extra money
doesn't print in color but I don't use color
None so far
Laser Cartidge is tricky to put it
paper handling can be tricky
Jams... Problems...
A Little more pricey than competing brands
Not for color printing.
I can't think of any!
Paper handling, paper jams, need for repairs
expensive, not reliable, terrible customer care
no gadgets or geegaws
none
None
envelopes a bit tricky &amp;amp; slower
paper jams and misfeeds
Small paper hold in back, occasional lockups.
Pricey, HP name.
Only produces black/white print jobs &amp;amp; scan images
?????
jamming, toner smears
none!
doesn't print color
Staff Complained That It Ran Out of Toner Too Fast
Is it a scanner or not?
Darn near everything else.
That's all it's got going for it.
Paper feed problem toward end of warranty period.
Slow spooling, ineffective drivers
Only 8-1/2" width
none
It jams after a year
Extremely unreliable.  Mis-designed paper feed mechanism.
None!
Toner smudge/streak
Plain, may have problem with slanted text
get the scanner attachment, you know you want it!
No page count, poor manual, cable could be longer, no USB.
clunky, pricey
standard configuration is kind of shy on memory
High Consumables, Limited Paper Input
Feeder gets worn out after a while
Paper jams; pricey
Fixable paper feed problem. Overpriced scanner.
Consumables eat you alive - poor paper handling.  
Cannot handle paper well.
didn't work for me, rear/top feeder, poor customer support
None so far.
fit and finish of some panels is less than perfect quality.
no power switch! bad paper tray setup
mac compatiblity is in MAJOR quesion
none for the price
poor software support for mac
poor software support for mac
Not THAT inexpensive compared to the competition
Cheap feel, terrible print trays.
It's not a Canon, NEC, OKi... etc
not the most attractive model
Flimsy case, stupid parallel/USB connections
Control panel, hard to remove side panel
No "real" control panel, no power switch (both of which are marginal complaints at best)
No color printing available.
Kinda cheap feeling, but looks are not everything!
Chokes on large files &amp; destroys reams of paper (unless you have a print server)
Unable to cancel jobs already in-progress.  Long spool time for images.
Black and white.
Kinda Ugly but you fall in love with it since it runs sooo great.
NO POWER BUTTON!
Kind of loud. Large foot print. 
Paper curling
Hard to remove side panel
On the large side 
Misbehaves when other peripherals plugged in USB port.
PRINTER DRIVERS; No power button
Bad image rendering, Paltry RAM
Weird case design makes cable access difficult.
annoying noise when powering down after usage; drivers on disc conflicted with system
Jams, flimsy design, no power switch
Really weird cable hookup, weird case design, no power button, &amp; big footprint
Cheap design, poor software/user communication, huge footprint.
No power switch.
hard to open side panel, no ethernet card
None that I have found.
Tray 1 output feed causes loss of desktop space
150 sheet output tray
A little pricey compared to dot matrix options
It's an offshoot of the 4p and 5p.  They stunk.
large size
None
None
Can't print graphics or clipart
careful when cleaning and using dust cover
large footprint
none come to mind
none
None that I am aware of
None
why buy when the 1100 and 4050 are available?
price
Smallish paper bin.
Slower than 2200 series printers
This printer is a little slow and also be noisy.
must pay extra for 2nd paper drawer &amp; buy hp jet direct software/hardware
Pricey, expensive cartridge
None
For USB port, needs additional connector not included
toner cartridge life.  Postscript driver does not support 1200 bpi--only 600 bpi. Graphics not up to HP standards.
No Ethernet Port
initial price
none
Apparently conflicts with Palm Desktop on Mac OS X
Somewhat flimsy
It's a little big in size.
None yet
Won't work if second printer used through LPT port.
Scanner and Fax software not so impressive.
manipulating copier controls (enlarging/reducing) from front panel is cumbersome. 
You can buy a better scanner for 60USD, Slow compared to a real office photocopier
slow ADF scanning due to design defect
A bit large
Very defective product no fixes from HP
Slow when scanning
Small Trays, Few advanced features/options
Unix duplexer difficult to set up.  Pricey.
cost if for personal use, otherwise none
Need to buy extra paper tray to hold an entire ream
NONE!!!
drivers may cause problems, RAM upgrades can be expensive
.... ummm... you'll be buying a lot more paper...
too easy to operate
None
none (in use since late 2000)
Nne
Perfection demands a high price.
Non-Color
Toner expense
None found so far
none
hassles with toner smudiging
difficult configuration
occasional problems with the print job not being sent
none
encourages printing
Weak packaging options - must make critical decisions before purchase!
paper jams
not a color printer
The packaging is more than is necessary.
None yet.
Toner eater
Software Freeze up
Cost
Not cheap, slow with graphics, occassionally jams
Always at least one printer down (unexplained "jams" and "paper outs")
a little pricey
Can't afford one for home!
Very heavy.  Can't think of anything else.
none
none
No color
paper trays dodgy
Haven't found one yet!
Toner is expensive.
None&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
none
Haven't found any...
Price
Documentation
big,expensive,JetAdmin tool unstable
none that I can report
Bulky and expensive
Expensive
Paper curls.
Sometimes takes more than 1 sheet of paper but there is a fix.
occasional double-feeds, sloooooooowwwwwwwww
Obsolete?
old
Incredibly poor paper handling
multiple page pickup. paper skews are often if not picked up properly
none
Sometimes can pull multiple sheets when feeding
Constant Jams, most of which are difficult to remove
None Known
Jams easily, won't pick up paper, overheats, and hangs up a lot.
paper feed problems
Top-loading paper feed.
feeds multiple sheets at the same time, low capacity paper tray
poor paper handling makes this unusable
only black and white, few paper problems
Temperamental, bad paperfeeding problem.
slooooow, prone to every problem there is in the printing industry
Slow, hard to feed paper
Not a good deal for the price anymore.  Horrible drivers.  Mechanical problems.
Drawbacks listed in review
Without the software, you can't utilize all the features.
probably not the fastest out there
all feature in one
photos could be better.
Sometimes frustrating 
terrible print/fax quality; color copying is awful
everything else
always breaks, every month, it just stops receiving and disables you to send
Printing Speed is a little bit slower than a Laser Printer
After several usages the printer heads began smearing.
can be slow to print, setup may take over an hour to install and register software
poor craftsmanship, jams a lot, sheet-fed scanner limits amount/type of items you can scan
slow, poor quality, poor paper feed
Software locks up, print heads smear
It all comes out bad.. paper jams are frequent
Worst purchase mistake in memory
A little slow , probably not the best &amp;quot;business machine buy&amp;quot;
Doesn't do anything well; doesn't do most things passably
poor paper transport
Everything Else
Mediocre printing, copying and scanning.
Have not found any as of yet....
If one function breaks your without them all
obstinate paper feed, slow 
print quality; paper jams; ink smears; paper feeds too much
Had to compromise on printing speed and it's a sheet fed, not flat bed scanner and copier
Prints somewhat slow on High Quality jobs.
The scanner scratched the scan jackets so it left lines
paper tends to not want to feed into the machine,  ink is expensive, not the fastest machine in the world
not great quality in any of the 4, HORRIBLE Tech support
Obtrusive software, unspectacular quality
Flat feed scanner can be limiting. 
Slow; Consumes lots of memory and CPU from your PC; Works well only for Windows95/98
slow, poor quality, poor paper feed
Subpar in ALL phases
Print quality is bad, copy quality is bad, colors don't work properly.
Its all a sad charade
slow color printing, small paper tray
Sub standard quality for all features
Only scans flat sheets, not books
Slow printing, expensive cartridges
Not the best print quality but gets the job done.
everything else
Won't feed; keeps jamming; eventually dies like other HP products
slow, poor quality, poor paper feed
not getting same functionality as dedicated machines
Difficulty Handling Thicker Stock, Quirky Fax
Some options are slow, but can be expected
Can't find any cons!
none of the functions are anything to brag about
it never seems to do the things it says it can, like fax, print, or copy
If one function stops working you do have to send the whole machine in or replace it
Doesn't scan 4X6 color prints very well.
NONE 
occasional paper feeding problems.
THE CARTRIDGE FOR IT COST AROUND 27 DOLLARS, SEEM LIKE A LOT.
Incredibly, does not support printer sharing with other machines.
Slow when it comes to printing bulk.
The ... printing feature, the cartridges, and it doesn't work anymore.
none
none that I can see
Very slow copier
The paperfeed is slightly small and tight.
SLOW
The HP 710 is the founder of the term &amp;#13;&amp;#10;"Looks are deceiving".
THE CARTRIDGE FOR IT COST AROUND 27 TO 45 DALLARS, SEEM LIKE A LOT.
Scanner damages photos. Print quality stinks at any setting.
slow, poor quality, poor paper feed
Poor resolution
I wish I had gotten it sooner
it;s exspensive
not able to configure as advertised
Noise, prone to jams, feeds extra sheets
noise, paper tray
Not very rugged.  Numerous quirky problems.
Bad prints and scans, slow, jams a lot, Large streaks with black prints
Barely can feed subsequent sheets now because of what I did
slow, poor quality, poor paper feed
nothing
high price, print quality and speed
where should I start?
Sacrifices speed for flexibilty
Requires simple maintenance
Poor quality in almost every aspect, Not available in USB version
S-L-O-W.  Poor paper feeder
If you have an old computer you'll need to special order the parallel adapter.
A little pricey, shakes alot. Ink consumtion
Connection Problems
Haven't found any yet!
Scanner / Fax / Copier Died in about a year!
A bit pricey, fax software is clunky.
Noise! Scanning slow. Size of printer.
Unreliable.
A bit noisy...
Software has strange quirks and it died after 60 days. Not happy!
None so far. Those that complain of noise are really nit picking.
Pricey, stiff paper tray and huge scanned file sizes
Pricey ink. Slow duplex unit.  Usual HP print driver problems.  Small glitches.
A little shaky due to lamp heads warming up. Ink used up quickly.
B &amp; W text could be better, slow duplex unit, pricey ink cartridges
LIKES TO USE INK
Pricey.
Card reader does not work for all digital media; software takes lots of memory. 
NONE
Worked 5 minutes then after 4 months of no working printer HP gave partial refund
Bad scanning capability
Noisy esp. scanner,uses ink way too fast and ink is pricey!
Software.  Cheap build quality.
s-l-o-w scanning
The software was impossible to use with Windows 2000.
Kinda Slow, price 
Expensive HP paper and ink, limited to 8 1/2" wide paper, and problematic USB setup.
Printer broke down right after warranty expired.
Worthless as a scanner - the software STILL doesn't work with Win2000 
Minor glitches in scanning and OCR software
Nothing
Software
Scanning fairly slow, somewhat difficult to install.
Scanning software for Windows 2000 is worthless, scanner seldom works, you'll waste much time
No fax or auto-feeder
8x10 printed slooooooow
took forever for HP to figure out the problem
Default settings 
Gives my office personnel no excuses for not completing projects in a timely fashion!!
jams with multiple envelopes
cost of ink
scanning is near impossible
Software
Needs it's own printer table or side table
Scanning requires you read instructions&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Color cartridges stamina and cost
some problems with scanning&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Cannot print/scan/copy full page because it inserts its own margins
none
Some serious driver issues (hopefully&amp;#13;&amp;#10;in the past)
Expensive ink, no legal sized documents, pay for customer support
Few -- small capacity paper tray and occasional paper jam.
Included OCR program isn't that good
Mechanical Issues - Color Photos;Poor Customer Service; Spyware; Broken Already
Drivers eat a lot or memory resources, do not have headset
Amount of memory needed which tends to slow your PC
legal copies
Software poor
Paper jams occasionally
It's HUGE, quite expensive and the software crashes.
Big Machine, uses lots of ink, single paper tray, difficult to use legal paper
Software bugs and space eater
BIG for an inkjet, copier/fax/scanner feeder jams
NEVER WORKS
Maybe it's kind of big, but that's no tragedy.
everything else
Very poor and defective software.
Poorly designed software
Could have a place that holds more paper.
Not many to speak of
Poor documentation, expensive ink cartridges
legal copies, color printer quality
fax lacks ability to work with Office XP addresses; continual envelope jams
Printer driver unusable, bad tech support, possible reliability problem
Awful drivers, endless network headaches
Software no good for international faxing
lacks flexibility
Tech support is superb - but you'll pay for the call
Horrendous legal sized copying
legal copies, have to pay for help
None that I can think of.
... Just not on a mac.
Physical size if space is limited
Does not store incoming faxes.
USB sometimes doesn't recognize on boot, ink can be pricey, USB cable NOT supplied
Extremely difficult to get running under Win2000
looks more complicated than it is
Still an Ink Jet.
Macintosh integration appalling .
expensive hardware, expensive ink cartridges
Not capable of making legal sized copies.
Software, no manual feed, ink jet means high cost of ownership
Expensive.
Large, Ink-Jet Cartridges Expensive
Can't Think Of Any
won't accommodate legal paper
High purchase price, high cost per page for ink, heavy, and bulky.
dealing with HP if there is a problem
pricier when we bought it
Everyone wants to use it!  I can barely find time to use it!
Ink runs out quickly if used as copier
Pretty big, but as long as you account for the deskspace, no problem.
inkjet per copy is usually more than laser per copy
Somewhat pricey refills still
Don't forget to hit color or black to actually print!
slow scans, parallel interface, scanner sometimes requires reboot to operate
Large, a little noisy, no power save mode.
No fax. Bigger than some of the newer models that do the same thing
big
scanning problems
little pricy
Windows 2000
Software installation took a couple of attempts for me
none
Very Large for a Desktop unit
Bulky, a bit pricy
When connected to a network, you loose scanning ability.  Not recommended for high volume use.
Will not be able to handle crushing loads; Windows NT scanning is slow
Can't fax directly from PC, can't share port, small paper capacity.
difficult to find
fax functionality is terrible, no simultaneous functions, can't collate multi-page copy jobs
Only One Paper Tray
none
Only if it breaks down, you're out more than just 1 machine
None.
Speed, simplicity of copier.
There are paperjams
Ink cartridges are expensive, but they are for all such machines
Hangs up system when using Windows 98
Expensive cartridges, frequent paper jams, tiny paper feed tray and tinier tray for received faxes.
Poor support, drivers and software don't work with XP
expensive, bulky
It is big.
sometimes noisy
Poor OCR software, Ink Consumption
HP OfficeJet T45 does take a considerable amount of space.
Ink cartridges are pricey
Absolutely none.
Not very good for being on a network and used buy a group of people.
Slower than a laser, small paper capacity
system is bulky
computer interface
a bit pricey, and not small
none!
none
none
$30-35 ink cartridges
Sizeable, Heavy
Bulkiness
none
None
none
one color
Need one at home
Price, incompatibilities
digital screen is a little hard to read, paper tray doesn't hold a lot
http://www.epinions.com/welcome.html?member=schumanfu2  
A little pricey
Configuration conflicts
No flat bed scanner
HP OfficeJet T45 is very expensive, very big and hard in use.
difficult to set up and understand.  jams a little often
Size
I didn't find any.
Like all printers, expensive cartridges. Needs bigger paper tray to hold more paper.
None in my experience
Software sometimes gives a blue screen.
expensive
none yet
None.
ink runs out quick
None
Scans messed up after prolonged scanning. Auto straighten function needs tuning.
None
Tends to get itself offline.
crippled under XP; poor online customer service; no USB cable
None that I'm aware of
None
ink runs out to fast, ink cartridges are pricey
Not reliable and bad after sales services from HP and Staple
None so far.
Color photos not as crisp as I'd hoped (but not too bad)
Support is the only downfall.
not excellent quality, some speed problems
Expensive Cartridge
NONE
Bundled software (i.e. image editor) is pretty basic and geared toward novices
OCR software is weak, Printing is slow, scan size limitations, no usb cord.
Not compatible with Windows XP
Poor tech support, Does not work with Win98
Slow, Bad Defaults
None
Apparently not very compatible with Windows XP
not compatible with XP
Doesn't work with Windows 2000 Server, even though it says it works with 2000
Bad product.  Wouldn't accept a fax.  Shakes.  Copies skewed.  Dropouts.
not a whole lot of options for scanning print speed is somewhat slow.
Big. Very basic software package. Wide range of prices.
can be noisy
Poor paper tray
Flimsy paper tray
Takes awhile to print, only prints 4x6
Photo tray broke easily.
Only prints 4X6 prints.  No preview screen.
Watch out for the cost of supplies!
The 8 1/2 X 11 is the same price
Printer causing BSOD with Win98!
costly ink cartridges
Expensive Ink and Paper
Prints only 4x6 photos or smaller
Paper Tray
A little slow but worth the wait. The paper is very expensive!
cant think of any
HP Support
Menuing for card media printing is cumbersome.
No Sony Memorystick drive. First one I bought was DOA. 
poor paper handling
Won't take sony photocards.
Photos print a little slow, but quality makes up for it.
slow printing on highest detail.
printing a bit slow
Infernally slow DOT4 interface, poor paper feed, extended startup/shutdown time, tendency to mangle envelopes
4x6 pictures are a little difficult to print, my husband has hard time reading menu
none
Still looking for one.
Ink from HP expensive, Memory Card upload speed is very slow.  Paper tray is small.
LCD display extremely dim
jam problems!
Putting the 4X6 tab in the right way
Hard to use. Doesn't work well with some systems.
ink price, shows out of ink when plenty left, crashes computer often
Buying the ink for it.
None
Difficulty in recognizing my Olympus digital camera for a direct download.
Software could be better.
Almost useless flash card reader, DO NOT get the prints wet.
Expensive, print quality LESS impressive compared to Canon/Epson.  Very problematic drivers.
Slow, even on normal print jobs.
a little problem printing from quark
Toll customer service; compatibility issues.
Haven't seen any cons
Speed is not what they say and the, paper jams.
costly customer support
None
Ink replacement can be a bit expensive.
none
Never really use the flash card readers
Driver installation can be a little tricky.Follow instructions to the letter!
Expensive, auto sensor sometimes not reliable
Initial Price, Potential Ink Waster
Expensive
Water based inks?
On the high-end of price for a home printer.
On the high-end of price for a home printer.
Slow printing on higher-quality settings, expensive ink
Not expensive if you remember you can add a 2nd head for 2 sided printing.
Paper feed, four color CMYK system, will not read smart media files above 2Mb
HP needs to go to separate color ink wells.
None
none
A bit pricey for some
Could be considered expensive 
None
Original Color Ink Cartridge goes out fast
None
The black ink is an economy cartridge, the double-sided printing module causes the printer to not flush against the wall and takes up more desk top space, the auto align isn't aligned and doing so manually is something I haven't figured yet
nearly self-destructs when trying to print Avery videotape labels &amp; t-shirt transfers
uses ink quick,kind of expensive
none
It is a little slow on printing!
Slower than I'd like for photos.  Not much else.  
Paper trays are a little flimsy, ink cartridges have less volume.
If you are impatient, you won't like this unit.
Slow printing speed, only optimal on photo prints, not borderless 8.5 x 11 inch prints.
Small ink cartridges
Somewhat slow printing.
Have to swap out cartridges (black/photo)
The Smart Media Card reader is slow when transferring files.
thick paper tends to have to be hand fed
Can be slow, ink smears until dry (not unique to this printer).
I don't see any but some may say the print speeds.
Lacks LCD screen. Only holds two cartridges at a time, so no seven-ink prints.
Only lets you one black cartridge at a time.
Could have a more sturdy, better constructed paper/output tray.
Remarkably SLOW flash card reader.
Difficulty feeding photo paper. It will sometime grab multiple sheets
none
some parts feel a little flimsy, cartridge storage can be awkward
Flimsy build quality. Ink not water resistant. Need to switch cartridges often.
Average text and graphics quality.  Plain paper photo printing could be better.  Construction Quality?
None, well maybe the cost!
Price, colors not as vibrant as other high end photo inkjets like Canon S900.
none
Really none, when you look at the results
Flimsy paper tray lid, expensive ink, colors need software adjustment, duplexer for plain paper only
Wee bit pricey for slightly less than perfect color output, doesn't include USB cable.
Printing speeds are industry average. May consume ink fast, depending on how you customarily print.
expensive ink cartridges. slow access time of the media slots. bad install program
Small ink tank, cheaply made paper tray (I use legal paper), and poor software package
Must Use HP's 4x6 Photo Paper to get Full 4x6 Print!  Print Cartridges Not Cheap!
None at this time.
None
Does not come with a cable to connect to your computer
Only 2400 x 1200 dpi but for the price great.
Costly print cartridges
Will probably be obsolete to by soon, but has great support
color rendition not always true
Pricey cartridge refills. 
prints are not water resistant
photo size restrictions
Printer is bulky. Also runs best with HP paper products.
Big. Like HUGE. The new P1000 is much smaller. No Mac driver, if you care about Macs.
high maintenance, expensive, hard to find
a little slow
Slow as a donkey, Expensive Ink, Expensive Paper
Only works with some versions of windows. Ink is expensive, speed is horrible
I waited too long to get it!
Expensive inks. Typical HP printer driver. Quirks with the "paper saver" mode.
No Borderless prints! 
BAD color.  Not Windows XP compatible.
None so far.
&lt;i&gt;Difficult to Install Win98 Driver&lt;/i&gt;
none found
Ink Cartridges are very expensive
Some problems getting USB to work,, OSX driver works but incomplete.
DOT4_001 errors, driver updating
Slow when printing HQ photos, Expensive ink and frequent need to replace
Loud, Shakes my entire desk
Set up, doesn't like Win98
none
Cost of print cartridges.
paper jams in some printers-not mine-rare
only certain cameras work with infra red device
Big. Takes up alot of space on my desk though.
More complicated control panel
Relatively slow, glossy paper can get expensive.
hard to believe,found NONE 
Tray the paper fall into does not pull out. 
Windows 2000 driver is very bad, hopefully it has been updated.
More expensive than other &amp;quot;home&amp;quot; printers, hard to find in stock, sleek design may look out of place with your other boring components
Application Limited
Win 98 Incompatible out of the box, Ink is too expensive.    
A little pricey if you don't plan on printing many pictures
Black ink cartridge runs out sometimes
Uses a lot of computer resources, photos require tweaking for best quality
The HP ink is still too expensive
Expensive
manufacturing problem
deep price
Troublesome photo tray; slow card reader
Hefty Price Tag.
Installation was way too hard.  Drawing mechanism a little too inconsistent
A little slow, but it doesn't matter
It broke the first time I tried it
Printer drivers on the CD unacceptable.
Pricey ink
A wee bit pricey
Doesn't like to operate through other devices. No Parallel or USB connection cables included.
Poorly-written driver for parallel port cable, no cable included.
slow; installation breaks; expensive ink
Expensive ink cartridges, software
Uses a bit of ink, envelopes occasionally jam
is not compatible with IE.5.5 or IE.6
Doesn't come with needed Cables.  
Jams once in a while ripping the paper, lines when printing color from PC.
Poor high gloss photo support, poor borderless prints support &amp; no smoothing mechanism for photos.
Printer died after 18 months. Only option-- pay $423 for refurbished model!
Hard to get a jam out from the back
Lacks a good photo-editing program
Does not include USB or parallel port printer cable
cost is still to high
high cost
I have no use for the infrared port
Expensive, I hope the costs of ink cartridges comes down soon.
Still a bit pricy, but well worth it.
single tricolor tank, colorfastness, waterfastness
cost of cartridges and frequent loss of communication with PC errors
Cost of ink and slight mis feeds
Fairly expensive printer cartridges
Names by buttons on front of printer a little hard to read.
price
Not compatible with Mac.
Can't think of a one... not into anything MAC so I really don't care that they're not compatible
could not install
Windows-only, has some problems with feeding envelopes
Duplexing worth $100???
I can't think of any, I guess it could be cheaper.
Awful tech support, worst tech support ever!
When printing photos uses a lot of ink - but they are great pictures!
Blew up my Windows 98 for four days
??????????????????
none that I see yet
Expensive to operate.
none
Photo quality not that much better than original
a little pricey for home use
Expensive, needs a fast PC
Paper bin only holds 150 sheets, slow printing at best quality, HEAVY (13 lbs., 15 with the 2-sided printer add-on), shakes my stand, no method of preview for the CompactFlash or SmartMedia cards, Windows required to use many of the special features (two-s
Slipping H.P. support.  Poor envelope handling.
The large capacity color ink cartridge is $60+...
The price of cartridges and paper, however, it is still cheaper than having photos developed.
Discontinued by HP, even though its technology is the same as the currently available P1000.
Print Cartridges Run Out Quick and are over $60 for Large Capacity
Ink usage is a high.  Rear paper jams.
The cartridges are costly! But there are some places you can get deals on them.
paper jam, excess ink use, improper scan &amp; sizing
none found
HONESTLY NONE AT ALL
Software runs kind-of-slow sometimes. Not true 48 bit scanning.
pulls accidentally more than one sheet of paper, RAM-demanding, problems with communicating with PC
None found.
Troubleshooting area of reference guide is very minimal and only covers software problems in detail
Doesn't include a USB cable, printer is very light in comparison to print head
After  scan,  part that saves, and lets you select file format, don't open
Slightly noisier than I expected
No USB cable, won't network.
Horrible software. Buggy. Can't customize settings. No toll free support.
Doesn't handle faxes and answering machines well.
Large.
There really are no cons to this printer
no USB cable included, your computer needs to be up-to-speed
None
cannot do borderless photos, cartridge price expensive
Cannot use legal size documents to copy, fax or scan.  
single color ink cartridge
Ink requirement steep, poor multi-fax sending capabilities.
expensive ink tanks
None
A bit heavy on ink usage plus the ink cartridges are small.
None.
Slow, the controls are difficult to use. No success Mac or PC.
Ink cost prohibitive
none.
A bit noisy before printing
high ink useage, software is difficult to install properly on Win XP
doesn't work, cartridges won't align, and NO BACKLIT DISPLAY. Noisy.
Problems with driver and CF card.
Prints slowly.  Eats up ink very quickly. Scans quickly.
USB Cable not included.
Trying to print a couple of photos was a little tricky. 
none yet
None
A little slow, cant save faxes to memory.
Prints Slow In Best Quality Mode, No Feeder Tray For Faxing, USB Cable Not Included
None
No Fax
over-packaged, horribly expensive ink cartridges
No fax, had to download a driver from some place else.
Not a laser printer, sometimes the software freezes for a while when initialized. 
USB Cable not included
lots of minutes per page with Mac OS/X
Cartridge cost.
pay long distance for tech support
I am at a loss as to where to begin!
Really bad scanner and awkward software
no fax facility, can't do A3 copies
Customer Service does not have a Toll Free #
Cost of ink cartridges.
Two-way communication is not 100%, tolled long distance help line. Not compatible with Windows XP.
The worst scanner I have seen in 15 years as a designer.
Does not fax have fax feature, somewhat noisy, ink cartridges are pricey. 
Major installation problems, works for some &amp; doesnt for others.
Big, USB only, Paper feed tray
No major complaints.
Price for ink.  Costs over $200.
Big
Ink costs, but so do all multifunction printer ink.
Must buy a USB Cable
Ink is a little expensive , Had to download software to run with XP
pay out of your own pocket for long distance tech support.
CAN'T PRINT IN TRUE PHOTO QUALITY!
Ink price
big size
Software is not compatible with WinXP
Paper jams consistently and no fax included.
None yet
None yet
Sometimes has printing errors.
Max 8.5" paper width, high price if you don't use all the features
No multi document feed for faxing.
fax scanning is it's weakness
Automatic Duplexer does not work with WinXP
Expensive printer cartridges.
None yet
None noted
I couldn't set up the fax machine with a calling card.  No USB cable included.
No sheet feeder for multipage fax. Scanner light stays on for a long time.
Lack of networking support; no multipage FAX input
HP Scanning Software
Ink cartridges are pretty expensive.
Software is not the best
Poor photo printing quality. Flimsy construction. Expensive ink.
Out of Warranty Repairs are expensive, not worth the cost.
No auto paper feeder for feeding paper to be into scanner, to be faxed.
USB Communication with ME flaky - Tech Support Horrible
HP driver updates some printers is poor.  HP "all-in-one" software demanding.
everything else
Problems with installing software. 
printer extremely slow with Windows 98
Big noises, software crashes
Labels seem to transfer slowly. 
Ink cartridges are expensive. Will not print banners.
Tends to pull more than one sheet of paper
Paper handling startup noise
Paper handling could be better
scanning software, scanner is very loud on return motion
"how- to" manual not included, USB cable not included
Noisy! Fragile inards. Broke after 4 months light use. HP replaced for free. Still happy!
Some limitations might be too much for advanced users to live with.
Color toner all in one cartridge.
Gulps ink (pricey cartridges), somewhat sloppy ink distribution in color print function
None
Strange noises worry me.
Ink use; ink expense
Can't scan legal-size "from the glass," must use document feeder, eats color cartridges like popcorn.
slow to start printing, paper tray drops paper
scanning software
Color copies slightly faded, ink consumption, letter sized glass plate.
colour representation, grainy in low light, LCD 'washed out', compression dodgy
The battery life is not great.
flash too bright, small memory, grainy picture if low light, fuzzy zoom
poor battery life, no manual adjustment,bad picture quality, flimsy build 
Flash too bright, not great for indoor photos.
Can only take 12 pictures on the "best" setting.
4MB of internal memory, no power adapter, poor LCD.
Bad quality in LCD screen, 
Flash blows everything out, no macro, poor LCD
Batteries do get used quite a but unless you have adapter
Grainy shots, poor focusing, poor use of auto-flash features. You get what you pay for.
horrible battery life, has a few minor annoyances
Battery life is short
Definitely not for taking actions shots.
takes a long time to warm up, pictures taken aren't instantaneous
Viewfinder not accurate, clunky size, delay when snapping photo - action shots difficult to capture.
Guzzles battery juice, only 4MB
It sucks battery power like a vampire sucks blood.
Battery life is terrible!
Problems with memory card...TWICE!
Horrible battery life, 4mb memory card, intermittent flash trouble.
Battery consumption,not many features
poor resolution, short battery life, small memory capacity, limited features
Only 4 MB CF card included, eats through batteries like there's no tomorrow
get rechargable batteries!, small 4mb card included,but 16mb card is cheap
Drains batteries, no auto shutoff, lens not protected, NO MAC Support EVER !
eats batteries, no carrying case, only 4MB memory
Extremely short battery life, some connection errors to PC, small CF card included.
Short battery life, takes a long time to autofocus. 
Batteries do not last at all in this camera.
Cheap
eats batteries. small CF card
Drains batteries and viewfinder provides a deceiving image
drains batteries like you wouldn't believe, very slow to take pictures
Ate batteries ,difficult to use ,and failed me right before vacation.
Once Camera is turned off you have to reset parameters.
Eats batteries and sometimes slow to "warm up".
It is cheap.
Photo quality is not great.  Eats batteries like piranhas eat wounded cattle.
Takes long to focus, long time to charge flash, EATS batteries
Only a 4 MB card, virtually no battery life, no AC adapter.  Poor zoom capablities.
delay between when u press the button and when it actually takes the pic
Very slow in taking photo
It sucks batteries, and my cord is not working.
Slow LCD frame rate in some conditions.
High battery turnaround, no zoom, cannot connect directly to Macs
battery life
Reverts to defaults every power-down, poor quality in less-than-optimal lighting
Nothing really about the camera itself, but the extra flash cards are kinda' high.
You go through too many batteries, can't use rechargable ones
Only comes with 4MB CF, extremely short battery life.
Bulky...good if your a man...also this  will not work immediately with Windows ME!
needs a case to come with it; hard to see photo in sunlight
Slow Shutter
Camera can't adequately use large memory cards.
None for what I need the camera for.
Battery Life
Poor picture quality, very slow speed between pictures, quite large, no zoom
Digital zoom isn't great
Slow recovery to shoot another shot.
battery drainer
Small lens, grainy pictures
Low resolution, no optical zoom,  and eats batteries
-Pictures can sometimes look pixelated (Not Clear), -Batteries drain quickly
Slow to take a picture at times
zoom doesn't work very good, hard to find accessories, slightly bulky
sooo slow to take pictures, short battery life 
none noticed
horrible digital zoom-battery life low-shutter lags-top controls dim
Not compatible with Windows ME
Most images come out blurry, poor quality in low lighting conditions, BAD close up shots!
Bulky, Heavy, Battery Eater
No optical zoom, no a/c adapter, slow shutter
Lack of self-timer.
Digital zoom = why bother?
doesn't come with adapter
No Optical Zoom, Alkalines don't last long, watch for conflicts on initial set-up
Battery Life, inadequate zoom
Eats up batteries, no A/C adapter, no video output
No video outlets. No A/C adaptor.
A little awkward to hold for vertical shots; slow recovery between shots.
Memory chip quite small, no AC adapter included.
Don't buy this camera if you have XP or windows 2000.
extensive LCD use drains batteries quickly
Performs moderate to poor in low lighting conditions, even with flash
8 MB CompactFlash card inadequate, Case not included, Short battery life
LCD image quality could be better.
short battery life, no A/C adapter included
Comes with small amount of memory (8mb); No built in rechargable batteries.
everything else, not durable at all. short term use.
If you want a telephoto lens or wide-angled lens, you have to spend additional bucks.
none
2 .5x zoom, expensive compact flash memory, and a little pricey
lack of power? not enough for price
zoom can be a pain, battery use
Loves to eat batteries. But then again, what electronic gadget doesn't?
zoom, delay before the picture is taken and battery length
2.5x zoom not very useful
As with all digitals, use of the LCD kills batteries
digital zoom distorts pixels
doesn't come with a power supply cord
Poor color reproduction, high battery use 
viewfinder could be a little clearer,no ISO settings
not for pros, no included adapter or case, digital zoom lacks definition
No standard A/C adapter, no video outputs
Comes w/only 8MB flash, some photos blurred
kills batteries, only 8MB memory card
Loves to eat Batteries!
Grainy zoom, expensive accessories
pricey flash cards
No optical zoom; cannot store images in uncompressed format.
Quality of Picture, Battery Life, Tech Support, EVERYTHING AUTOMATIC
Eats up the batteries&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Needs more than a 2.5 zoom
Some pictures are blurry at certain distances. A little grainy in certain light.
None
No adapter, camera case etc.
High capacity compact flash cards are a little steep in price.
not the best digital camera available if your a professional.
No optical zoom
No manual features.  AC power supply is an option that should have been included.
No zoom
Pricey, considering it doesn't come with AC adapter or good photo editor.
no a/c cord, bad zoom controls, LCD hard to see
Batteries go to quickly!
unclear pictures, wait time, battery use, 
Use of zoom lens creates photos that are less than sharp
No lens cover
No lens cover, no optical zoom, thin and fragile battery and CF doors
No macro mode, no lens cover, poor quality zoom
Had a little difficulty with supplied connection software. Delay of actual click/shoot is long.
Red eye, must have red eye on or you'll be sorry 
No lense cover.
No case, no lens cover
drop it once and it is dead.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;aliasing on jpg.
No lens cover, battery life is horrid.
Variable picture quality.  Quick battery life.
Can't take continuous pics, too long to shoot
Battery life, lcd screen
Battery life.
No lens cover, battery drainer
Uses lots of photo paper(lol)
Nowadays, might be able to find a lot better for a little more???  
Too simple, kinda slow focusing, NO Advanced functions.
Batteries fade quickly; battery cover pops open easily during use
No non-digital zoom, lacks bells and whistles. Slow data X-fer and save.
Not the best pictures. I expected better.
Bad photo quality: focus, file size, dark image.
Must keep camera at high quality settings.
slow, on/off button, no optical zoom and only 2x digital zoom
No auto shutoff.
uses batteries like crazy
Uses up batteries power very quickly, doesn't always take clear pictures
Batteries die after unloading once or twice
Eats battery life, somewhat fragile in battery door, not for quality photographs
A bit finicky, requires large distance to focus.
No lens cover, takes time to snap pics, slow data x-fer
Camera seems cheaply made
no optical zoom, one star pics come out poorly
Eats batteries like they're goin' out of style., Takes lousy pictures., 
Battery life, freezes sometimes, 
no lens cover, no video out, no optical zoom, fragile battery and CF doors.
Battery hog in some modes
poor picture quality, cheap construction, lack of lense cover
Uses batteries pretty fast. 
Poor picture quality for indoor pictures. LCD screen has low resolution.
slow to take pictures, eats up batteries, no ability to record video
Chows batteries, no lens cover or case
Sucks down batteries, no manual focus
Printing software is long and involved, bring a snack. :), 
if you are looking for a professional quality than this isn't recommended
none
Pictures taken with the zoom are blurry, it eats batteries
No optical zoom, internal memory very small, rather bulky
battery door won't stay closed - not much use that way
Don't use the self-timer on this camera because it turns the camera off to quick
none that I can think of
HP parts must be purchased directly from HP, Zooming in reduces quality
Takes too long between photos.  Better outdoors than indoors.
Not the best photo quality, small internal memory
On button is small.
eats batteries, only 2.1MP
No manual focusing
No sound on movies, :30 limit on movies
Uses up batteries fairly quickly.
Poor zoom.  Lack of memory.
Lag time. Eats batteries. (same as all mid range digital cameras)
Eats batteries!
Battery Sucker, Delay between when you push button and picture is taken
Shutter lag time is long, flash does not always work, focus doesn't always work. 
Eats battery, slow in all aspects, 72dpi JPEG, plastic casing
very bad flash quality for night time picture.  Color is all off with flash.
Poor shutter lag, bulky, battery hog
No Case, Wish the batteries didn't burn so quick!
poorly designed function index
Eats batteries like crazy!
AC Adapter is unreasonably expensive.
Does not come with case and AC
A good value for the price. No cons.
USB communication problem, more related to my computer than the camera.
Viewfinder offset not suitable for close up shots.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Viewfinder 20% smaller than photo/LCD image.
Problems with color balance, automatic flash and shutter speed.
Short battery life, USB software setup problems.
HP software leaves a lot to be desired.
Eats batteries, lag in shutter response.
Lens cover appears flimsy.
Manual operation and resolution is over-rated.
Poor durability, costly to repair, terrible HP customer service experience.
Battery door is cheap plastic.  Cannot see LCD in Light
AC adapter too expensive; menu navigation initially a little confusing
would like a bigger CF card
Slow shutter, I could use a longer optical zoom
Regular batteries do not last long
Not support IBM microdrive
None!
Power Consumption - Needs Alternative NiMH Batteries, Costly (but useful) AC Adapter is optional.
rather expensive AC adapter, after using for a few months &lt;b&gt;images are soft&lt;/b&gt;
Poor Battery Life, Has low quality settings which is not good.
not supercompact in size, no rech.
Made in Phillipines, No Physical Manual
This camera would not work on 3 different computers without purchasing a powered USB hub.
No focus light for pictures in low light. Only 30 sec of video
the black color
So, what's the catch? Why, it's &lt;i&gt;OBSOLETE!&lt;/i&gt; And, it's Digital.
Short battery life, LCD screen hard to read outside
I haven't found any yet except shutter lag.
Lasted one cyle of batteries and died
Goes through batteries rather quickly.
size
shutter delay after pushing the button
battery life is very poor.  Video option sound quality is poor.  
Inordinate long period of time for the camera to save a picture.
The Price, but you get what you pay for!
Battery life when using video camera
Expensive, but worth it if it's used a lot
Battery life could be longer, charging of flash a bit slow
Eats batteries, no manual settings.
Focus can be a little finiky in poor light conditions.
This camera goes through batteries!   Also, the flash takes too long to re-charge. 
Extremely slow shutter speed 
Long time between photos, bad in low-light conditions, HP charges for driver downloads now
misses focus, useless in low light
Rechargable batteries almost a must; sometimes shifts to video mode unintentionally (due to dial placement)
Sound is not all that good on videos or pictures with audio.  
Very little storage comes with camera
low storage on disk
Small LCD screen, long time between pictures
The Video feature... and Rechargable Batteries are a must for this camera.
Batteries die fast
Eats batteries, 16M of memory not enough
Slow autofocus and shutter speed in Automatic mode.
hard to see through viewfinder in bright light. drains batterys quickley
Pictures are HORRIBLY blurry
Battery life &amp; HP Support
Limited ISO range (only 100 and 200). Need to pre-focus. Otherwise excellent.
Lens slow. Body chintzy. Display not jointed. Settings reset. No top readout.
a bit bulky, a little slow on the focus
focus problems,  pixelization, color separation, major shutter lag medium light
Auto focus slow. 16 meg card too small., Software is buggie
poor macro, small feature set
slow LCD
Power consumption, resolution
Slow recovery and Software
Slow download - no macrofocus
Not able to manually manipulate settings for more artistic work.
none
none
batteries dont last long
Pricey Picture developing
uses lots of batteries
Uses many batteries if you utilize the display option, has no zoom capabilities.
Delays in shutter release, delays between shots, hard to turn off flash
batteries don't last when using high draw modes
Eats batteries &amp;amp; lacks USB port
does NOT support rechargeable batteries, short battery life, no lens cover
Slow serial interface, LCD hard to see in bright light.
not reliable, batteries go fast, no AC adapter included
Large, slow serial downloads, and no real zoom.
Fragile connection port, fuzzy "zoom"
Delay in the picture taking process, battery eater, slow transfers.
short battery life
No AC adapter. Use rechargeable batteries. Will be helpful to have a card reader.
Hesitates when taking a photo, zoom in takes out detail.
Should come with a power cord
Uses batteries quickly, recommend an AC adapter.
Boxy but good, no optical zoom, few manual expert features
Zoom needs some work
Low number of pictures available on high setting
AC ADAPTOR is a very costly extra!!
drains batteries
Probably not as good of resolution as some other leading digital cameras..not for the Professional Photographer...
Drains batteries quickly
drains batteries quickly
slow downloading pictures
you need a big hardrive to download photos
like all digital cameras buy rechargeble batteries
Needs a lot of light
difficult buttons, expensive ac adapter
separate viewfinder from the lens.
Had to purchase extras
Battery life, Serial connection
does not have an ac adapter with it
Slightly bulky, LCD viewfinder a bit choppy.
Eats batteries like no body's business!
doesn't come with wall power adapter, software could be better.
No rechargeable power source, slight delay when shooting.
battery energy vampire
Images taken using the flash
must purchase ac power adapter separately
Would advise upgrade to direct connection download. Will eat batteries.
difficulty in using electronic zoom, delay in responding to trigger
The price is still a little high
speed, memory
Cons: Eats batteries if you don't have an AC adapter (doesn't come with one either)
Eats Batteries Like Crazy
nothing
Somewhat pricey initial cost; plug-in not easily accessible
battery life is important
poor quality control &amp;amp; poor attitude 
the lcd screen eats batteries like crazy.  You need to purchase an ac/dc adapter.  You can only get it from Hewlett Packard.
battery is somewhat weak, files take up a lot of RAM
Could not find any
Drains batteries and switching modes
battery hungry, 8 second wait between pix
Long download time, no a/c adapter included.
bulky
a little pricy, but not too bad
the accessories get a bit expensive
No ac/dc converter-no case
no zoom, uses batteries quickly
eats double AA  batteries quick
Picture clarity not as clear as a good 35mm
Eats thru batteries quickly if you do not have the AC adaptor
should come with an AC adapter
eats batteries.
Battery life is limited.
none so far
Awkward manual exposure setting - You'd better be prepared to buy an AC Adapter
none
the latch for the compactflash card could be a little more sturdy
No case or a/c adapter included with package
no strap to carry with
bulky, processing times between shots, LCD display
Batteries often need to be replaced
AA batteries run out too quickly, HP doesn't provide everything
eats batteries, tri-pod mount
No built in Zoom, and only 1 mega-pixel
1 megapixal
none that I have discovered
Short battery life
the LCD screen drains batteries fast
1
Speed
A little pricy...but worth it
uses batteries way tooooooo fast
Useless Zoom, Not for High End Users
NO Optical zoom only digital, zoom eats batteries
nothing
Lack of Optical Zoom (it's a pricey feature)
jerky lcd display, poor serial interface/software
battery killer, small CF card
Connection to computer, stability, flash
Wish the zoom was greater
Battery Life, Serial Connection, No Optical Zoom
AC power adapter not included
Medium battery life, Cord is sometimes difficult to unplug.
?
heavy
none
None
LCD display is jerky and slow, no carrying case, AC adaptor expensive ($50), poor digital zoom
Controls are basic, no ac adapter
Fast battery use, no AC adapter came w/ it.
Choppy LCD display, lack of extended features.
Horrible quality of indoor pics, hard to delete pics
frequent break downs
Definitaly use  an Adapter
1/2 second shot delay and low battery life while using the LCD screen
no carrying case to protect camera
None
No AC adapter, Serial only--no USB, poor flash
Battery life and no floppy disk to hold photos 
can't think of any!
uses batteries quickly
uses lot of batteries
none
none
doesn't take good moving shots but I haven't seen one that does
No optical zoom; poor LCD; battery &amp;quot;hog&amp;quot;; barely 1 Megapixel; flash is insufficient indoors
could use more memory
Picture quality, battery usage
Low Battery Life
inhales batteries, 2x zoom
Doesn't take photos well at night.
Can't use Recharge Batteries&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Bad Battery life
1.3 Megapixel cameras just don't cut it.  
Battery usage(without AC adapter), Zoom is not great.
Bulky design to camera, uses up batteries quickly, no USB or AC adapter
Great for personal picture-taking, but not quite enough pixel capacity for the professional.
Not the best digital quality out there and it takes awhile to unload the pictures.
Does not come bundled with a PC card reader
Eats up batteries REAL fast
No optical zoom
Extended use of LCD screen dramatically decreases battery life
no carrying case
zoom, rapid shoots
Uploading of pics slow 
Goes through batteries quickly if you don't watch it!
Software has limited editing capabilities.
timer needs to be reactivated after each use
Bulky size, battery glutton, software problems with PC connections
Digital, not optical, zoom; sluggish processing speed; battery-sucker
Zoom, Slow Transfer, Basic Features
The only thing I don't like is after down loading to computer it would be nice to be able to reload pictures to the camera
Found nothing negative
Need more pixels!!
Batteries do not last very long
cheap carry strap, short battery life, no 12 volt adapter
No optical zoom
Should be sold with case
If you don't have re-chargable batteries, get some.  Really goes through batteries.
could use bigger flash card
None
Battery consumption, inability for macro close-ups, tiny feature buttons
Eats batteries
zoom a little difficult
It is missing some features, such as zoom.
Download takes a long time
Zoom feature is minimal
need better support
short battery life
None
under seat storage is too shallow, seat seemed too thin
Doesn't compact as small as I would like.
A little heavy.
don't have any yet--I guess the color if I had to pick
I didn't care for the drawstring seat adjuster. I think they can improve that.
heavy, not very compact when folded, plasticky accessories, sun shade is just ok
Canopy is limited, "Child tray" is flimsy, Heavy (21 lbs), Seat adjuster is not great
The sunscreen isn't big enough to be effective and there's no hand brake.
Shoulder straps can be a little loose on a small baby.
Not a true jogging stroller, weight, tires are small, 5 point harness could be better.
Heavier in weight and may not fold as flat as some strollers.
none
No bugscreen or weathershield; seat needs extra seating pad (cost extra)
test
Hard to find, seat cover would be nice
On the bulky side, hard to find in stores
Hard to find in stores and the shoulder straps are a little loose
It doesn't quite recline flat, but it is enough for baby to sleep comfortably.
Hard to find
Very poor battery performance
Self-defeating thumb scroll power/mode button kills battery regularly
Takes time to set up for low light pictures,, Battery does not last very long
Battery "Pig", and too many involved steps to the finished product.
Extremely complicated controls and settings; Instruction manual VERY poorly written; Maybe it's an experimental model.
power hungry, small LCD 
Size is larger than film P&amp;S, battery life is zapped way too quickly
Proprietary battery, short battery life, menus difficult to get around
Scarce, hard to get.
The worst of all digital cameras in 3.3 Megapixel
It is expensive because it is a relative novelty, and do not get it wet.
Win2k operation problems.
low quality, battery life, low # of pics in memory
Quality Sucks&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Eats Batteries
hard to change settings, photo quality not very good
Not much storage, zaps batteries
everything else
NO TECH SUPPORT AVAILABLE ANYMORE
You get what you paid for....
Power hungry, poor low light performance
Pictures can be a little fuzzy
Not good quality on the photos, no storage
Camera, I don't think so.
Flash uses batteries fast, software could be better, usb can be finicky pictures are mediocre
No zoom available, can not find anywhere to contact company, it seems to have disappeared!
Eats Batteries. 
WORKS BEST OUTSIDE
Over Priced
Pictures vey sharp 
Picture quality is  not the best
Doesn't work!
everything else
Cheap
Pictures resemble the artwork of fetus holding a dry paintbrush
Terrible image quality before fix
Road-hog software lulls you to sleep, so (hopefully) you won't notice the crummy pictures
Picture quality
Poor quality pics, nearly no print capabilites, cheap look, I can go on and on.
poor picture quality...very poor
Blurry, contrast, lack of colors
The camera can use a litter better resolution
Every thing
The quality is terrible and it's a waste of money. 
Not the highest quality.
Unless you buy a multimedia card it's worthless.
Pic quality is C-, problems, poor manufacturer support, waste of money in the long run
Driver installment
No flash, poor pictures, and you can't see the pics until you download.
not perfect pictures, higher resolution=less capacity
low-quality pics, difficult for children to operate
Lack of flash,  Bad for indoors
not meant for pros
Did you read my review?
Not the best picture quality, limited storage on high res.
Screws up computers, doesn't have a good quality picture
no flash, very sensitive
Less than perfect photo quality
blurry,grainy,very poor quality
built horribly, and they know it!!!!
No Flash 
touchy button, no flash
Need GOOD lighting for pictures
No Flash, Low Resolution, No Removable Memory.
The camera can use a litter better resolution
very very poor picture quality and out of business...you wont get rebate
Very limited use- no flash, too small capacity
picture quality
Picture quality
After the novelty wears off-throw it away!
no flash, only stores 8 pictures at a time
Only six pics, a lot of light needed for good pics.
Lighting needs to be perfect, somewhat blurry
no zoom
none for the money invested
Only holds 8 pics @640x480,Needs a flash
Poor pictures, no tech support.
No flash
pictures can be grainy and dark, need to download photos often
Barely noticeable pictures, only stored 6 photos
lighting problem, blurry pictures
We had trouble (not being super computer proficient) with getting the camera system to work the first time.
confusing
deceptive advertising, hair trigger, faulty port
Takes time to figure out how to get the best quality picture
Low resolution
No flash, no lock for shutter button,
low quality pictures no flash
You could probably get a better picture with a more expensive camera
everything
Poor picture quality and size
too hard to install
blurry pictures, poor quality
Quality of resolution diminishes significantly over 8 photos
images are blurry or poorly lit.  
Computer Interconectivity/Functionality
doesn't work as well with serial port as with usb
EVERYTHING! dark pictures, blurry images, cheap
can be hard to install, needs lots of lighting.
not the best quality
everything!!
none
not a lot of storage, 
Lousy indoor pictures (most repairable though), poor focus, non-upgradable.
Software Is Troublesome, Requires Steady Fingers
bad resolution impossible to figure out
no flash, limited picture capacity in high res mode.
It is unattractive and cheap looking
not top of the line, junky
Poor Quality
not good for sports(blurry)
bad quality photos, no flash, long wait for download
bad resolution
Low storage capacity and not the best quality pictures
ate bateries
image quality is not very good and no flash
cheesy name and look, no preview screen and no flash.
Not quality Pictures
everything
pictures are extremely blurry, pictures must be downloaded directly onto your computer
Not photo-quality results, no flash/zoom, low capacity
only stores 8 pictures at a time, extremely poor photo quality, everything is washed in blue, all photos have &amp;quot;fish bowl&amp;quot; effect
not for printing
Too Bad the pictures don't come out so good
Already broke
plastic, not durable
needs an integrated flash.
grainy pictures, no LCD, only holds 24 pics, no removable memory.
overall clarity of pictures
poor quality pictures, no removable storage
Everything
no flash/small picture capacity
does not take good pictures
low quality
Gee, where would I start?
no removable memory
Cheap
Picture quality is bad
Tricky setup, slow
No LCD display, no flash
Terrible Photo Quality, No Flash, Mushy Shutter Button, no LCD screen
Picture quality is not ideal, no flash
Poor Photo Quality, no LCD Display, no flash.  
Multimedia cards are not cheap
Stores small number of pics at high res, low battery life.
But, doesn't mean you should part with your money.
only holds 8 normal sized photos, photos very low quality
Poor image quality,no flash
If only I had done some research on digital cams
Can't take close-up shots
automatic flash,no previews too pricey 
No zoom, battery eater
Batteries go fast, lack of zoom
Memory
Needs a zoom for full range of  picture taking
Slow Download time, No ZOOM or MACRO
uses batteries fast
Would really benefit from a zoom lens
serial connection too slow, needs many batteries, no bag and inadequate lens-cover
none
Expensive picture cards if you want a larger one
Photo quality, included software, battery life, no case, slow picture transfer to computer, no zoom
Should have included an AC adapter and Case
Slow shots and transfer.
Set up instructions
short battery life and no zoom
low storage capacity
Another serial device to attach, could be better with USB
Short battery life, Mac software difficult to install, troubleshoot, compact flash memory card has limited capacity
uses batteries quickly, not reliable
low number of pictures stored
doesn't come with rechargeable batteries or an AC Adapter
short battery life
grainy enlargements
No zoom
Somewhat heavy with batteries, battery muncher
Slightly bigger than most digitals, computer transfer may be a problem for some.
very few features, not that hot in low light, hates batteries
Eats batteries like a kid in a candy store, noseprints, slow software
needs zoom
low resolution
Eats Batteries, No Zoom
uses up batteries fairly quickly with the LCD display on
battery monster
Limited quantity of pics on high resolution
Battery life very short....but most digital cameras are the same way if not worse
Fixed-focus, delay between shots.
Never a leader, it has fallen well behind the field in features and price.
photo's take a LONG time to download
None
slow serial connection, flimsy design, VERY short battery life
Too many buttons to push to change menu items.
Bulky, low-resolution, expensive
Not very resilient
download time from camera to computer not usb
slow to write images to flash card, can't download all pictures at the same time to a folder, must download one picture at a time
No USB interface, small smart-card
eats batteries
you will need extras, and lots of batteris
Battery life, flash card eject
Lens cover not built in, could use more zoom
none
short battery life and slightly blurry high quality pictures
Gets fingerprints on LED window
Uses Batteries very fast if screen is used to take pictures
Eats batteries without using AC adaptor when downloading
Uses batteries up real fast and the view screen is a little small
a little heavy compared to a regular camera
hard on batteries
Serial connection (buy a USB card reader), soft at infinity
Lack of AC adapter
Eats up the batteries!
Battery life is very short
seconds between pictures
Not durable, EATS batteries, LCD screen difficult to see outdoors
Battery tray is sometimes a bit awkward.
Confusion between zoom and power switch. Pricey.
Lack of Good Zoom, Battery Hog, Red-Eye control
battery life. software setup could be better
none
none
small memory chip, takes a couple of minutes to down load pictures to your pc.
battery consumption, picture storage time
computer produced pictures not top quality
Eats Batteries
Is There Any? I Guess The Small Memory Card Could Be A Con For Some...
4mb Picture Card
short alkaline battery life, slow connection using serial port, not photo quality
drains down batteries fast
none
Expensive for the additional accessories.
The LCD is slightly off center
haven't found any yet!
not near photoquality prints, fuzzy LCD display
none that I have come across yet!!
Delay between shots, eats batteries like popcorn
no case
Terrible for outside. Fuzzy pictures. Plastic battery compartment might break.
loves to eat batteries for breakfast... 
Flimsy card cover, long recovery time between shots
Eats batteries if you aren't careful.
Battery life &amp;amp; Download time.
Price may be high for some.  Need to purchase carrying case.
Noone seems to run it on sale.
None that I can find.      :-)
Having prints made can be expensive, so shop around
none
Limited zoom range
needs accessories
Location of Lens
Not good printing quality
batteries run low fast
comes with 4mb compact flash, you'll want a bigger one
does not come with AC adapter
No carrying case
uses alot of juice
Runs through batteries
Picture taking without flash.
Purchase case separately
had to buy reader for my iMac
Just remember to recharge the batteries.
expensive, eats photos
battery hog, supplied card not big enough
8MB card not enough
Eats Batteries
constantly runs out of battery power
Only sometimes your  finger gets in the way and the battery could last a bit longer
none
Batteries dont last long
battery use
Batteries die fast if use the LCD to show you what you're photographing
Goes through batteries very fast
People with larger fingers will have a bit of trouble accessing the flash card
poor display, poor pictures of movement, small memory card
Have to buy better cartrige
if you review your photos often the battery does run out quick
eats up batteries,but what digital doesn't!
Uses a lot of battery power
Having to store and print pictures.
software
Gotta get all the accessories!
None
Small flash card (4MB) included, Slow serial data transfer
low resolution produces fuzziness on larger photos
None that I've found
No pictures for the family albums. Still need a traditional camera with film!
Feels awkward at first due to weight and shape, cheap lens cap &amp;amp; battery holder, and long flash delay
Slow, Expensive development
Pause between button push and shot
can't think of one.
None
really bad software, bad computer connection
battery life
Sucks Battery Power VERY quickly
Cheap memory card slot cover/eject button.  Not so great outdoor shots.  LCD is a bit weak on brightness when using indoors at night with normal lighting.  
small viewing screen
not durable 
large LCD screen on back drains batteries fast
The LCD viewscreen is  a drain on batteries
Short zoom
batteries, slow uploading
Battery hog , slight movement makes pictures blurry
None yet
none
Only 1 Megapixel, not very good outdoor quality. No USB. Only 4MB card.
serial connection, long time between shots, 2x zoom, wasting of battery power, terrible SW bundle
Lens cap could be tighter; no saving in TIF format; plastic card holder door.
several seconds between shots, only 2x zoom, flash card eject button awkward
A little heavy, slow serial connection
A little slow registering photographs
Occasional "white spots", long recovery time.
Heavy on batteries
It goes through batteries fast, especially with the LCD display on.
Uses up batteries quickly if you don't have the adapter.
Limited resolution, expensive for a one Megapixel camera, battery hog
Serial Cable
Comes with a small memory card, need more memory
Image quality after 10ft goes WAY down.  White balance is not too good.
Eats up battery life easily.
Battery life! Viewfinder lineup!
Battery life and zoom
wimpy lens cap, no camera case
I'm afraid the little rubber outlet/cable covers might tear off in a couple of years.
still expensive
lighting problems
Heavy, drains batteries quickly, need additional mem.cards
Weighs a lot because of 4 AA batteries
Light sensitive, moderate learning curve before you'll get your best pictures
Low battery life
none
Digital isn't film.
You can't even take all the pictures you want because the batteries are just sucked up.
Annoying software
not good for outdoor or evening pictures
Slow CCD, Can't Charge Batteries in Camera
saving and deleting is very slow, delay in shot being taken after you push the button
none yet
Price will probably come down
The camera's screen viewer is in an awkward place and often accumulates streaks from noses pressing against it. One other thing is sometimes real close ups are smudged looking, but that could be my poor photography.
Price (all digital cameras!), 16MB memory would have been much better
a bit cumbersome
eats regular batteries like candy
None
Cost, Performance, and Quality
transfer to PC slow
$500, goes through batteries fast.
battery life is short, not as good of resolution as the higher priced cameras
inevitable noseprints on viewer, megapixel limitations
none
Battery life
Lens cap design, software bundle
lcd display shows finger and nose prints
inside flash sometimes not great, eats up batteries fast
Cost can be high (keep an eye out for the good deals)
Lens Cap Cover falls off
down loading can be slow with parallel interface
LCD display
bundled software lacks intuitive user interface
Lens cap falls off easily.  Big deal, right?  :-)
Pricey for 1.3 megapixels and 8 MB card, slow serial transfer
EATS batteries.
no camera bag included
No AC Power Included (?)
None
pixelation in pictures
There isnt any
battery life
LCD position, SHOULD come with a case!
delay between snap of button and actual picture taking; short battery life
Batteries exhuasted easy when downloading, some outdoor picture taking not great
None
Only takes high voltage batteries, Larger zoom would be cool.
Slow
nothing substantial
No zoom
Bad battery usage
None!
Nose hits LCD when looking through rangefinder, Battery life is a bit short
it's a digital camera
Uncanny hardware problem.  Cannot focus well in dark light or close-up.
Battery life could be better.
Doesn't capture movement or wildlife pictures well.
Lens cap stinks. Outdoor shots are inconsistent. 
As with all cameras, battery life is fair.  Zoom isn't really powerful.
Trouble getting some pictures, battery compartment seems flimsy
print limits to 8x10 or smaller
Bulky
poor battery life
battery changes were necessary, but AA batteries are easy to find almost, if not everywhere.  Only three battery changes for 250 photos, most taken with flash..
very expensive, not for a novice
Horrible battery life, Slow, Mediocre resolution
Energy hog; pricey, with extremely limited memory
no problems
Some ergonomics/design issues
BATTERY CONSUMPTION!!!! Too long saving images to card.
Batteries take about 8 hours to charge.
A little big
Hard to see screen in bright sun
flash adjustment
digital zoom, memory cost
High Price, Download software a little awkward
bulky, a few extraneous features
Lag time
can be tricky to learn how to use
Mid-range price
Large size,High drain on batteries
camera is complex, resolution isn't adequate for really great scenary shots!!
washed out pictures (easily fixed in photoshop), delayed pictures  
Ferocious use of batteries
bulky
not as ergonomic as it could be
Uses batteries at a good rate, use rechargeables
Price, delay between taking pictures, battery consumption
lens adapter, lack of case
does chew up batteries
short battery life, but can be mitigated by turning off LCD screen
Battery life, shutter lag
View finder is off center, didn't come with AC adapter
Wimpy battery, needs  larger storage
Now only comes with 8MB card.  Batteries do not last (under 15 pictures)
alkaline battery powered means less photos before it's out of power
LCD viewfinder smudges easily from your nose, no ac adapter
Weight
Weak Battery
Poor battery reporting by the camera.
Nothing major
Power
Cant stick it in my pants pocket
No included AC adapter, low optical zoom, weak action shots
no floppy disks, live LCD display would be nice
drains the batteries
batteries run out quickly
Slow zoom, no AC adapter included, flimsy lens cap
&lt;b&gt;Some difficulty  using viewfinder&lt;/b&gt;
Light Sensitivity, Zoom Limitations, 
weak zoom inability to add other zooms and filters
Quite a few--details in review.
No external flash fitting
price
It's just a little too big and heavy to be perfect.
Doesn't come with even decent memory card, case, etc.
Battery life is weak. (Recommend Buying Rechargeable) Small memory card 
two beeps that sound alike (see review text)
A little heavy relative to others in its class, digital zoom is useless (loss of quality), poor night photos
price
close ups are bad, drain on the batteries
battery life, optional ac adaptor, up close pic quality
doesn't play games like its big brothers
LCD smears
Can't think of any!
lackluster performance, no AC adapter
Hard on batteries
Close-up capability
Time consumming to learn the software
short battery life
can eat batteries, I never get a turn
without a good quality color printer and photo paper, you're stuck viewing photos on the computer
battery hogger, but has rechargeable batteries included
price 
Voracious appetite for batteries
Weak zoom;Lack of macro mode;Not much manual control
Low light capability
Need to buy an optional wire 39$
age
pricey
Zoom, LCD, color saturation
none that I can think of
battery hog, placement of LCD view panel
Moderate Battery Life, Needs a better case
Price, almost too 'user friendly'
high cost, especially if you buy a photo quality printer and extra software, etc to go with it...
loves batteries, you need rechargeables, However, The firmware update helps a lot!
None I can think of
nothing
Not at all pocketable. Lousy lens cap
not for action shots
Takes a long time to upload if you have an old computer
Like what everyone says about digital cameras - Battery eater!
haven't found any
poor battery life,small memory card
Software problems, still not able to use USB cable
none
drains batteries, doesn't come with case
may be outdated in a few years
Does not come with AC Adapter
Not too many advanced features, no uncrompressed format
Corel incompatibilities
Initial cost, definitely not sleek-looking
Can't change lens
high price for point and shoot, but worth it for the picture quality
Battery life, Memory card size 
Lacks flexibility for a real pro
slow shutter speed causes blurry pictures
Lense Limits and Blurring effect inside
The FREAKIN ZOOM
Size, weight, 2X zoom, must use rechargeable batteries
Poor resolution
Lens adapter partially blocks view finder
hard to perfect, eats batteries
only 2x optical zoom. Only 8MB card included.
slow, not great optics
short battery life
Slightly more costly
Software is useless, flash is awkward
The ac adapter has to be purchased separately
Bulky, No Full Motion Video, Battery Life
Terrible battery life.
Short battery life, no A/C adapter included
Can't Cure Red-Eye
Battery life isn't great and the memory card is not large enough
Must get used to not handling paper photos
Not Acceptably Compatible with Windows NT or Windows 2000, Poor Battery Life, Poor LCD Display
Too little optical zoom
software buggy
Battery life 
battery usage,2x zoom, LCD location
battery life
poor closeups, loose lens cap
No real zoom,slow shutter
heavy, a bit bulky
pictures taken in Sunshine are worthless because of severe washout
Wish it had an integrated lens cap
Low Battery Life
Shutter lag, enlargement quality, battery life
Long delay after pressing shutter, bad resolution, horrible battery life
drains batteries quickly
Could use a longer focal length lens (bigger zoom).
Image doesn't match what you see through eye-piece
It use to come with a 20MB card and now only an 8 MB card.
Optical zoom has no Telephoto
Size &amp; Weight
Slow "boot-up", too much time between pressing shutter button and picture being taken.
Irritating Lens Design that zooms out every time you power up the camera.
shutter lag, drains alkaline batteries quickly, no neck strap included
battery gauge needs re-written.
Eats batteries like a HUMMER! Needs a neck strap! Fragile toggle back button
Horrible battery life, delays and below average shutter lag.
Slight shutter lag time.
Boot and Process time
Cost
AC power and camera bag need to be purchased separately, too much camera for the casual user
So-so software bundle, unimpressive LCD screen
Filter Attachment Adapter Required
A little on the pricey side.
Dark LCD, pricey, lack of documentation, flimsy battery door
Price and weight
Large size
The flash reaction is slow.
Battery life
Battery life
Needs bigger card, eats batteries
Worked for only a year with battery power
Expensive, weak flash
Uses up batteries, disconnecting from computer produces errors.
Supplied memory not enough
Auto focus is somewhat slow, occasional long delays when pictures transferred to memory card
Eats batteries like an aardvark eats ants
Shop around for a deal, it's probably slightly expensive! Worth the buy!
odd, boxy shape that isn't all that ergonomic. takes awhile for pictures to load into the camera's memory after taking them. cruddy battery life.  get NIMH rechargeables with a fast recharger (nimhbattery.com) and always carry a spare set if you buy this c
hmmmm- still thinkin'
no case , i bought my own, 
battery monster, must have win98
too slow
Battery Life
Keep another set of batteries close by...
If you're a professional photographer, this camera is not for you.
still searchin...
expensive, dark LCD,  low-light capability, very advanced (not great for beginners)
Camera size is too big, many features that beginners don't use
expensive
not for taking pictures of kids
Poorly written drivers, slow user interface
Lack of accessories with the original package
Extremely poor battery life 1/2 hour tops.
maybe software
This kind of performance doesn't come cheap
Viewfinder visibility in bright sunlight
Viewfinder, focus, slowness, 
refurbished warranty, battery
It really does eat batteries, Buy Re-Charagable
battery life
underexposes without flash, battery life, price, no AC adaptor!
Exposed LCD screen (as with all cameras); slow on/off
Slightly slower than norm recycle times between shots, can't use regular alkalines with LCD.
No neck strap, flash could be better
slow photo processing
Did not come with an ac adapter
slow to focus
- none
Optional camera bag could be more protective
hard on the batteries, have to recharge often or have a 2nd set on hand
Purchase of external AC power, 
Quirky and slow when you need Simple and Fast
Price could be better
Lack of shoulder strap, automatic retraction of lens after 8 minutes of inactivity, slow response for moderate action sequences such as weddings, etc. 
Would like more Zoom
A little bulky, no aperture priority or shutter priority exposure modes
Big frame, sometimes really slow between pictures.
Batterys dead after 40 pictures, MAJOR lag time
confusing feature selections and confusing camera reactions
Slow writes, slow reads, slow boot-up, slow shut-down...JUST PLAIN SLOW
Shutter release delay can be frustrating.
A little slow on the auto focus.
Battery hog, no lens cap, no USB connection
BATTERY LIFE, A BIT LARGE
Battery life
Very short battery life, built-in flash is dangerously bright.
Serial Cable, poor software, poor battery life
slow shutter.
red eye, zoom must be used with LCD, batteries die fast with LCD
Sucks the juice right out of the batteries
no auto timer
Video cable not included, slow serial connection to PC, no timer, min resolution too low
No USB connection
Battery wear, very SLOW uploading to PC
Serial port transfers ONLY, 2x digital zoom only in "Good" qual, eats the AAs
For n00biez to Digital Cameras, Expect to spend $$$ on accessories 
battery consumption, serial cable, can only use digital zoom on low res.
Poor battery life, no USB connection, lose quality when use zoom.
Battery Life Limited., Included Memory Limited. 
Good quality but not best, sort of slow moving.
cheap plastic, bad resolution, poor quility pics, zoom is horrible
not as high of mp as I would not like
Absolutely devours batteries,slow transfers to pc,flash overexposure
Bad Battery Life
battery hog, flash too bright, it's a given you'll have to buy xtras
a bit spendy.
looks cheap
Very little storage, no AC adaptor, uses lots of batteries.
Packaging was not up to speed with other Digital Camera Makers
Limited features, mediocre picture quality, low memory.
No zoom.  Cheapish plastic body.  Does not come with memory card.
slow printing time
More than required Size,, Serial port Interface,, No Battery charger
Lack of control, entry-level picture quality
poor software, serial connection, storage space
No fancy stuff.  Small internal memory, but easy to upgrade.
none so far
No lens cap, self-timer, or tripod socket
No lens cap, no AC adapter, serial connection, bulky
no AC adapter, no case to protect lens, only 2 MB to store pictures
Small Starter Storage, Avg. Picture Quality, Flaky Zoom
Terrible battery life &amp; horrible bundled software
Can't enlarge pictures, no optical zoom
no self-timer, lens cap or USB connection
No self timer.
Very little storage, no AC adaptor, uses lots of batteries.
uses a lot of batteries
Battery didn't last long.
The atomic flash, memory
No lens cap, but available from Kodak free upon request.
bad printing image, slow shutter
No tripod mount, no self-timer, poor bundled software.
Not piles of memory, battery eater.
Slow uploads to computer
Very few.  Software bundle, battery life.
Compact Flash Card too small and rechargable batteries not included. 
Battery life, limited zoom, should at least come with a carrying case.
Mine happened to malfunction but the problem was fixed promptly
shutter lag time 
Somewhat expensive for 2 megapixels, only 8MB memory included and no rechargeable batteries.
Poor battery life, no built-in battery charger, ROTTEN software
Large size, only 2X optical zoom
Heavier than my normal 35mm camera.
no durability, poor battery life, takes a long tome to save pics, only 2x zoom
A bit heavy, picture quality in zoom mode isn't too good, lagggg
LCD can be tough to see in daylight, fast battery use, only 2X optical zoom
Comes with cr*ppy photo editor program,
Kodak should include an AC adapter, rechargeable batteries, and recharger.
A little pricey
Eats your battery quickly.
Battery life, no image editing software
horrible battery life, useless graphics editing program, no ac adapter included
Battery life; 8 MB memory card.
*Sometimes slow writing to Memory&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*More buttons would be helpful
A little Bulky
Low Zoom, Options
Confusing array of models
batteries do go quickly
Lack of knowledgeable support from Kodak
LCD doesn't come on automatically
none
LCD could be placed differently.
8 meg card is too small, blurry close-ups
battery usage high, availability of accessories low
display can be difficult to see in bright light, power hungry
Batteries Do Not Last
None
LCD screen difficult to see in sunlight
Memory card is not large enough and no rechargeable batteries. 
8 Meg card too small, Close up fuzzy. Flash and battery life is poor
Close-ups can be blurry at times.
Poor Battery Life, Heavy
LCD Screen is placed oddly, stupid prong connection, over time prongs will bend.
Can be confusing to use, not sleek looking, batteries not long lasting.
price, bought it because of rebate offer that never developed.
Battery life is shallow.
short battery life, no manual focus, Kodak photo editing software is poor
Battery life could be better. Storage disks somewhat inadequate.
Nighttime photography is weak even with the flash
Numerous settings can be confusing to the casual user.
Low-light operation a bit trickier, zoom could be better
Had to buy a bigger Compact Flash Card
Small memory card included, advanced features require more time to learn
Poor built-in flash. Little flexibility in settings. Stability in question.
some small ones, read the review!
Can freeze up once in a while
Disappointing.  Poor low-light capabilities; sporadic quality of images.
still not as good a quality as film
sad picture quality, poor construction, weak flash, HORRIBLE LCD
crappy stock CF card, poor florecent light performance
Bad low light pics
Costs too much, Compact Flash
Proprietory battery
Lens cap is cumbersome, easy to lose
getting used to the different features and settings 
Plastic tripod mount, can't access battery or CF release while mounted on tripod (BIG WHOOP!!)
Works best in well-list areas, the LCD viewer on back eats the battery quickly
None for a sub $500 digicam 
Feeble bundled memory card
none
Needs a bigger Compact-flash card.
it would be nice if kodak included a lens cap retainer
Exposure knob came off, lense kinda long
placement of shutter button in front of the power switch... I turn it off often, instead of snapping the picture.  But it's still new to me... I'll get used to it
use of more expensive lithium ion batteries instead of inexpensive NiMhs
LCD Screen power consumption
poor close-ups (without extra lens), lens cap comes unattached easily, does not take great low-light pictures
No Digita OS, ships with little memory, no time-lapse timer.
But not quite normal size.  Memory card included is too small.
Only USB connection to computer.
battery drains fast, bad focus in low-light conditions
No manual focus!  Numerous other frustrations.
No video/audio recording, ships w/ small memory card
Learning curve is steep for advanced features.  Lens cap not attached.  Worthless software package.
CF card too small. Very noisy. No manual focus. Battery life too short.
Takes terrible quality pictures
Not the smallest camera on the market
Blurry and out of focus in low light, barrel sticks out too far.
Advanced mode learing is steep and picture quality suffers in low light.
unreliable picture quality,battery life,flash card too small.
first one was defective, easily exchanged
Drop it and rebuild it, Zoom is week, Must be steady, 
the lio battery is too expensive and isn't strong enough for this camera.
Eats batteries like they all do. More zoom would be a plus
Heavy. Very very heavy. Huge too.
Not Very Many
A bit heavy, buttons somewhat stiff to use
Big Camera.
The camera is a little heavy and it has an optical zoom of only 2x.
Eats batteries, small LCD screen, eats batteries, slightly heavy.
The software drivers are frustrating, only comes with 8mb of memory.
Eats up batteries!, Not expandable. Kodak does not have any attachable lenses for this camera
None in my book!
Size, Size, Shutter Lag
Only 2X zoom, a little sluggish
- none
Digital zoom can be a little fuzzy.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Make sure your shots are steady.
Not the easiest way to transfer pix from camera to computer.
Battery Life.  Did I mention Battery Life?  And Oh yeah, Battery Life.
not compact   ....not really a problem for most
- none
eats batteries for breakfast, must have rechargable ones
Resolution, Buttons hard to push.
Shutter speed between shots.  Not an action camera
performance, picture quality
Not as good on large groups, but good
Low battery life
No USB connection, Software very slow for picture retrieval from camera
Poor quality software.  I'd buy at least the 210 as a starter.
Ergonomics and software leave something to be desired
If lighting is too bright or too dark, it can be tough to get a good picture.
None
Slow transfer time via serial port
Only 15 pictures at a Time!
Short battery life
somewhat simple
NONE!!!
Slow downloading without card reader
Short battery life. . . be prepared to have plenty on hand to upload pictures
fuzzy focus, poor battery life
battery life
To maximize use need to purchase additional flashcards and a reader
None
Lack of Features
LCD panel is a bit small, eats batteries like crazy
Some of the frills, such as the optional borders, are not very useful.
Hard to Hold
Doesn't have interchangeable lenses
Lack of USB (serial transfer is SLOW), slow between pictures, 2X zoom is not adequate
Expensive extras that must be added
slow downloads without a USB memory card reader
Poor download time
Battery life is horrible!
too long to load pictures, too long to print
Eats batteries
No long zoom for it
Slow, not enough pixels
none we have found
uses batteries quickly
Viewfinder hard to see through in the dark
flash not the best
eats batteries and is slow for sportsfans
Wish it had a lens cap.
Preview display uses a lot of battery power
High battery usage,Keeping readout screen clean
battery hungry!
limited zoom
miss not having a lcd viewfinder
sucks batteries when unplugged,not good for people pictures
EXPENSIVE TO BUY, AND ACCESSORIES ARE EXPENSIVE
Picture view area gets nose prints
too hard to operate
Battery drain
Voracious battery appetite
Batteries run out very quickly! Use rechargables!
hard on battery use
Cost little more than I like
HORRIBLE customer service, slow transfer time, heavy, a couple flimsy parts
not found any yet
Have to buy the Mac interface separate
Limited zoom and eats batteries
See Opinion
Camera broke after having it a month and a half. Zoom is very limited.
none
2x zoom, battery life
No built-in lens cover, too big to fit in coat pocket
A little bulky.
battery life, slow picture transfer
slow upload without the card reader
The picture transfer software doesn't work right, zoom and close-up don't work, and no rechargeable battery pack included.
Wished I had gotten more powerful zoom.
Still cost too much! Wish prices would come down.
Locks up occasionally. Limited zoom capability. No USB. No lens cover. Not capable of using accessory filters or lenses. Slow recovery after taking a picture.
for constant use it eats up batteries
could use a better zoom lens
Only One Megapixel, Almost no Options, hefty price tag.
no lens cover
Not much thought went into the design of this thing
resolution too low for prints, slow transfer speed
batteries won't hold a charge
VERY slow transfers with serial cable model, not professional level photography
Poor Exposure Control
Needs the right batteries !!!!!!
Delicate connector/Card Reader Needed
Short battery life &amp; battery cover problem, bulky, no lens cover, picture saving&amp;loading slow
non ergo design, eats up batteries like crazy
Bulky, Slow Transfer Rates, Bad Zoom, No Lens Cover
Slow serial transfer, short battery life.
It eats batteries like there's no tomorrow.
Short batter life, slow transfers
Expensive card capacity, slow recharge for next shot, power demanding
no USB
Only 2X optical zoom; slow downloading
Battery Life using the digital viewfinder is extremely low.
Battery Life &amp;amp; Information Display Accuracy
the shot rate
Needs a larger memory chip, only holds 16 pictures
none
obvious distortion at edges, bit large
battery life pretty short when using LCD
Slow download to computer via P/port cable
Slow, few features, low resolution
Storage
image quality
Pretty Basic Model - for more literate
Poor Image Size &amp;amp; Quality, Featureless
very slow, not many features
Poor to mediocre image quality, sucks the life right out of expensive batteries
terrible quality
low resolution pictures are really not worth the effort.
Short Battery Life, Slow uploads
slow recycle time
Using LCD eats batteries, 
No case, downloading photos may be a problem for computer illiterate folks.
Long intiation
Ships with small 8mb card, Slow recovery time after 2 shots
low resolution
slow processing, cannot use the multiple shot feature
0
Not recommended for close-up shots.
lots of problems
difficulty changing flash options
Time to turn on-off
Slow processing time, not well-adapted to Macs
very slow, freezes sometimes.
The camera body a  bit too smooth and no lens threads for filters
None that I can find.
Battery Life
batteries don't last too long
cumbersome menus, playback screen too bright
Very Short Battery Life, Very Slow to Download via serial mode.
eats up batteries like crazy
A little on the heavy side
older, size
high price
Focussing problems, no uncompressed mode, still can't touch film for image quality
read below
Can take longer to download in older computers with no USB port
None, I love this camera
Eats batteries, Poor action camera, annoying 'click' sound
not photo-quality for largest pictures
cost
Difficult to support on an enterprise level.
Battery life is very short, memory card does not hold many high resolution pictures.
could be slightly complicated
Discontinued
heavy,thirsty,inflexible,slow to switch on/store photo
bulky, faulty and outdated
Close-up of small objects are not very clear. Otherwise, this camera has excellent resolution. 
Only 16 MG of internal memory, Secure Digital is the only memory upgrade avaliable.
No optical zoom.
no optical zoom, small lcd
only 2x zoom, battery life short
Zoom options are limited, eats AA batteries like candy!!!
Nothing fancy
Batteries-better to buy rechargeable
2x Digital Zoom, set too rigid -- there's only two settings!
view finder does not work well in low light
I just bought it on Friday and I can't download.
It eats batteries!!!
Quality control is lacking
basic model - no frills
Durability, small internal memory, battery life, no optical zoom, viewfinder, dock not needed.
The extra "dock" costs you $70, but you don't really need it
No optical zoom , No Video , the Dock.
Rechargeable battery doesn't seem to hold charge from docking station.  
Camera glitches *galore*, dummied-down controls, staggeringly brief battery life, fragile-seeming camera body. , 
None so far
Just basics
software does not let you resize pictures easily.
No "rapid fire", takes a while to take the next picture, "spur of the moment".
Autofocus has problems in low light, fragile power/lens cover switch
totally unreliable
Simple features, some corrupt shots, dock costs extra
zoom moves way to fast, see the review for more cons.
Only decent batterly life...
not quite the pro camera
No optical zoom, low digital zoom, lens cap may not want to stay on.
it is a point and shoot. NO VIDEO 
The batteries go dead pretty quick.
No optical zoom
No optical zoom and rechargeable batteries not included.
No optical zoom.
no power adapter included
LENS CAP!, Lack of a zoom feature, Propriety USB connection
Could use more zoom, eats batteries like crazy
No optical zoom, mechanical defect with lens cap
The picture quality isn't always as great as expected or as nondigital.  
Battery Life, No Optical Zoom, Doesn't Come with Rechargable Batteries
The software installation should not be customized
Am I being picky? Camera strap in wrong location and no lens cap!
No lens cap!  Keeps BREAKING!!! 
Does not turn on
Must use NiMH batteries, insufficient zoom.
A large camera and only has 2x zoom. Small preview screen.
Eats batteries (I think it's worth it, though)
Time between pictures taken.
Pics of my finger, digital zoom
Appears to be fragile in design.
no optical zoom, images blurry when taken too far away or in dim lighting
Obscure lens, not alot control
Some closeup pictures have turned out a little too washed out from strong flash
Does not have Optical Zoom
Zoom feature blurs photo too easily, Battery Drainer, Flimsy Strap, LED fuzzy/hard to view
Doesn't have a zoom lens, batteries need to be charged frequently
Lack of optical zoom; battery compartment
None that I could find.
Pictures sometimes blurry., 
No optical zoom, flash can be too bright, review on lcd can be slow
No optical zoom.  Few settings for shots or for image storage.  Battery.
Don't expect to get crisp 8x10's, not a lot of zoom capability
Batterylife,dock sold separately
Photos somewhat blurry @ maximum size,  No optical zoom, some shutter lag. 
Basic.
Don't expect COMPLETELY "professional" results
Pics blurry when zoomed in too far
Sometimes difficult to adjust flash
cheap plastics do not contribute to solid feel, lack of optical zoom
Battery life is a problem. Need extra battery pack.
Movies can only be viewed with QuickTime
Optional lenses in the way of view finder.
Very sensitive microphone; camera dock isn't needed
Added expense of accessories
no dc input, usb connection only, no picture effects
No AC input except through docking station.  Kodak software is 'klunky' with Win98.
None that I have found!
doesn't feel secure in the hand, bad hi-res video quality, Win98 problems
not too many options, very little zoom
Low optical zoom; flimsy feel; poor LCD; unreliable; poor viewfinder
Probably better (more expensive)cameras available for experienced or serious buffs.
Does not come with camera case, only 3x zoom
zoom could be better, more compact flash needed
Only 8 mb onboard memory included, can't use alkaline batteries, average picture quality
Unreliable quality. Poor battery life. Flimsy construction. 
Some difficulty in setting up with Windows ME. 
Not Enough Optical Zoom, Very Bad Battery Options, Some Low Light Problems
I wish the strap attatched at 2 points, like a 35mm SLR
How to get it fixed. I'd still like to know.
Included LCD screen completely washed out in daylight, viewfinder doesn't frame well.
Power system, weird feel
Few manual adjustments; dorky look and feel; bad ergonomics, especially for lefties
The Red-Eye Flash mode, delays about 2 seconds before snapping the picture. 
If I have more than 20 pictures to upload to computer sometimes locks up.  
Small internal memory
No case, very poor photos in dim light, long shutter delay
Not compatible with all Macintosh system, only 8mb internal memory
With everything being automatic, might frustrate pros.
It's basically a disposable camera after 200 shots
BATTERY life!!!!!!!!  15 pics and your done.  Not enough flexibility in the settings.
Long lag time from when you press button to when it takes picture
poor design, only Kodak can repair it.
A little "plastic" looking, drains batteries quickly, picture editing software is useless
good picture quality
Bulky, batteries need frequent recharging
2x optical zoom, no advanced settings. Poor night shots.
Silly looking. No features. Auto compensation in low light screws up sunsets.
Must Use Kodak Brand Batteries
Video quality isn't that great&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Very bright flash
None
Hard to see subjects through LCD screen unless there is a lot of light.
Dock may be optional (but great feature), videos small
Hard to find one negative for the price I paid.
Poor battery life
Software does not have a lot of options of editing.
Availability
long lag time, difficult macro option
Short battery life (if you don't have the dock)
None that really stand out, a bit pricy.
Not much of a zoom
Little hard on Batteries
no TIFF format, LCD is small
The LCD screen is not very acurate (fuzzy) not many functions.
Power switch hard to use. Viewfinder a little off-center.
Generally slow operation
Con&amp;#146;s&amp;#9;Digital Zoom is poor and the accessories are expensive.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Although easy it is recommended to add the docking station.
Will not use internal memory when a memory card is plugged in, no optical zoom
3x zoom is not true zoom.
Battery life is problematic. Slow camera reaction makes timing snapshots difficult.
Buy the Camera Dock when you purchase the Camera
Lack of optical zoom.  Digital zoom too grainy.
poor zoom, 2-5 uses and you  have to buy another $10 battery
Battery dies quickly
Slow between takes to get next picture
short battery life, slow to load pictures, only optical zoom 
Battery life extremely short
The dock is separate
&amp;#13;&amp;#10;The small icons are difficult to read.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
No optical zoom.
Docking Station pretty much required, Pricey extra purchase
No optical zoom, digital zoom makes for poor quality images, short battery life.
None
none yet
None to date
"Only" 2X optical zoom and fuzzy digital zoom. Only 8MB memory included.
Pictures are below average, even compared to 2 megapix cameras.  Flimsy construction quality.
Battery life.
Battery life
2x zoom insufficient at times
could use better zoom
none
Small LCD screen
Power runs out fast &amp; need to replace a new battery.
No battery charger unless you buy docking station.
None yet!
low light pics need manual setting, 
Battery life, no manual focus.
Photo software is pretty cheesy; Included memory card is almost worthless.
Grainy picture, night time shots not good, Very cheap construction.
Big and clunky, Short battery life, possible downloading problems, difficult software.
Software is terrible--crashes, locks up computer, hard to use., 8MB is useless.
Pictures tend to be blurry
Wait period between shots seems long.
easily damaged if dropped, expensive to repair, warranty void if damaged
Batteries don't last long.  
Settings do not correspond with conventional 35MM cameras, for example, F-Stop, Aperture, etc.
Seems easily broken if it gets banged.  Battery life so-so if using lcd.
Lens doesn't Last.
Focus often fuzzy
None
grainy, not enough zoom, built quality, no manual control and uncompress mode
Never works!  Mailing it to Kodak!
None I can think of...
Very, Very short battery life
Photo quality and battery life is something to be desired
uses battery power fast if you don't have the dock
battery life
None so far.
Battery life, digital zoom
Redeye, Kodak software poorly depicts picture quality
Lens cap cheap, doesn't stay on. Shadow on left of subject when using flash, , 
Rechargeable battery life short. Use disposable batteries for long life.
None I have found
Incredibly bad decisions on movie file format.  Poor software
Lens cap falls off a lot
No Lens Cap. Shutter lags sometimes.
Buying the docking port is how you share pics.
Battery Life &amp; No Date option
The DX4330 does not adequately capture text for OCR applications.
Battery life could be better, cheep lens cap, badly placed status indicator/light 
Stupid lens cap and no battery life indicator until batteries are LOW.
A rechargeable battery would have been more appropriate
Not many extra features and may be too simple for the people who love gadgets
uses a lot of batteries
Screen is hard to see in the sun. Definitely need to buy a memory card.
Menu is a little tricky to use, I am still getting used to it.
Battery life is short, and picture reaction is a little slow.
software, JPG compression only option, no battery life indicator
Grab some backup batteries!
Power &amp; LCD (see review).
Viewing screen small, possible durability problems down the road
High Resolution so must by biggest and most expensive disk to hold pictures.
Date Imprint is not automatic
Picture software is lacking. Docking Station S/B included with the camera.
The looks, Memory card too small, no Diopter!
Hard to hold, small memory card, strange wait time to take pictures
Expensive and short battery life
Catastrophic WindowsME registry corruption, woeful battery life, weak LCD, image choppiness, extra-cost transfer/charge cradle.
1-Batteries go fast.  Get a charger for back-up.
Not much.
Battery life
battery life, optical zoom, software is lacking
difficult on screen navigation, limited optical zoom
LCD is small, software isn't the best
battery life.  difficulty focusing, size.
Battery Life
Battery life, software is awkward.
battery life, software lacking.
The editing software is quite basic and limited.
None, total satisfaction
Then it died!, 
battery life is short, docking station should be part of the package
Blurs anything that moves and sucks in low light
Rechargeable battery life is very short, small memory card, need to by the accessories
slow image processing &amp; storing, can't handle night shots greater than about ten feet.
Internal memory small, no camera bag included, price slightly high
Internal memory small, camera case not include
small amount of internal memory.
Internal memory is small (16), no case or neckstrap, wrist strap feels flimsy
This camera can't record movies
Small internal memory, included software not anything great
Internal memory is low, no camera bag, LCD
Needs extra memory card, carrying case. Use view finder instead of LCD to save battery.
None if it didn't break.
Limited software capabilities
memory could be bigger, but not an issue
Fails when trying to fill a 256MB SD card with content (still and/or video).
weak LCD display, slow processing speed, no battery meter
Terrible auto-focus; EasyShare software; proprietary battery and weird charging through dock
shutter lag.
charging, battery
Weak LCD display and battery life indicator only shows on weak battery.
slow shutter, large pics a little fuzzy
Camera will break.
none really.
Picture quality poor, video runs less than 25fps, no preview screen, only 4MB memory.
Limited Features
Connects to the computer to download pictures.Does not use disks.
no flash, no zoom
Supplied software is awful, no Mac support
No Viewing Screen
no zoom
Only in bright sun light. No display, no review. Crap software &amp; BAD support.
short length of video clips
No preview screen
no preview screen, no flash, only 640x480
NO viewing panel
No Flash, Focusing could be better.
The software installation along with Kodak technical support managed to completely ruin my computer's configuration.
picture quality isn't the best, no view screen, 
No flash,zoom, or preview screen, only 4MB memory, auto-focus only
Difficult to see screen in low light; quality of construction could be better...
There is no flash on the camera
*Quality of videos and photos is poor without much light.
Image quality satisfactory.
Jack of all trades, master of none!
no flash, bad computer software, no zoom, bad quality pictures
Extremely poor results. No flash. Very poor resolution and quality.
not enough memory. no flash. no viewfinder. poor quality video. 
Poor quality photos, takes AAA batteries, uses Quicktime for video
Battery compartment would not close, no flash, poor software, streaky pictures.
cam resolution
VGA Quality pictures aren't too good, doesn't support smart media card.
Hard to see LCD screen, no viewfinder, no flash, can't use it indoors
No flash; Software is horrible
No flash, no viewfinder!
Poor image/movie quality, very fragile, no carry case, expensive (considering package)
No flash/light, Does not perform in low light.
No flash, hard to see screen, no zoom
Quality suffers.  Mp3 control is basic, and photo/video touch ups are needed for each photo.
I was really surprised with the lack of speed and unacceptable print quality
PRINTS WAY TOO SLOW 
never worked for me to try it out
Poor print quality, expensive supplies, cheap construction, loud, ink never seems to dry, compatibility issues
Slow, Unstable software drivers, Bad paper handling, No seperate ink tanks for each colour
SLOW printing at Highest Quality
Speed, ink usage. Must buy usb cable.
none yet.
Cost of Paper/Ink, Time to Print.
SLOW, print quality somewhat disappointing, installation problems on Win2k
no parent tray
Not a good stroller for twins unless they are toddler age.
IMPOSSIBLE TO MANEUVER, TOO LONG, HEAVY, no parent cup holder, not enough shade in front
heavy - hard to push, won't stay folded, canopies useless,, seat weight restriction 
TOO big and near impossible to steer.
large and long, like pumping iron to steer the thing with a kid on board
VERY Hard to Push/Control, Heavy, Huge
A little hard to maneuver in tight spaces.
BIG,HEAVY,NO SHADE, IMPOSSIBLE TO DRIVE
Heavy, difficult to maneuver
No parent Cup Holder
no storage
NO BASKET, Canopy is useless...does not protect baby from sun or rain.
No basket, but no umbrellas do.  The mesh bag is sufficient/standard for umbrella strollers.
no storage
Wasn't invented earlier!!
Isn't extremely durable
folding, no basket, wheels too small
no basket, lever to collapse stroller hard to use if you are wearing bulky shoes
None
no storage
very difficult to open
not as sturdy or comfortable as the more cumbersome strollers
flimsy
rough, loud ride
not great on grass or gravel
none
hard to find retail
don't know of any
hard to push in the grass
Not easy to push when handle is in reverse position
Kind of pricey for an umbrella stroller
None
None
Made for a small child (in my opinion), bends easily
Small wheels and not very durable 
Shorter seat &amp;amp; canopy than regular umbrella strollers
none
no basket
no basket
none
no basket, doesn't fully recline and not as sturdy or comfy as the expensive brands
no basket storage
many!
It does not have cup holders or a place to store shopping bags or a diaper bag.
No basket, a little tricky to fold up.
Does not do well on uneven sidewalks.
no basket
no basket
heavier than other umbrella strollers; no cupholder
clip that holds stroller closed is tough.
Handles seem too short
No storage compartment.
Not durable, lasted less than a year
no storage
You can't get through certain mall doors.
Hard to push with one hand, comes with little storage.
I found this stroller to be to wide for many store isle's and doorways.
Wheels could be stronger
No storage.
Only just fits through doors, no storage, not suitable for a newborn
Cumbersome when folded, generally unhandy: steering, pushing, storage
No storage area.  Wheels sometimes difficult to turn.
Too heavy, no storage
No where to put things
Not as plush as some of the other strollers.
wheels could be sturdier
None
no storage area
Just a little awkward in the trunk.
Just fits through doors/cash checkouts (wheels must be straight) No basket
Heavy, no storage basket
Bad Pictures.
No LCD, 3 buttons pushed to get past flash, low resolution, no tele lens.
lighting needs to be right, no LCD Display
none
Very poor resolution
Automatic turn off after so many inactive seconds.
poor picture quality, poor instructions, no picture monitor
Resolution could be better
lighting needs to be right, no LCD Display
Low resolution
Picture quality is terrible, not suitable for most uses.
Flash is too bright, transfer software doesn't install, uses CR123A photo battery (expensive).
flash makes all images white, very poor quality images, long or incomplete uploads
Lots of headache, no LCD screen, packaged software has bugs
Viewfinder not that accurate, slow downloads
Low resolution; weird flash; no USB input; odd viewfinder; no photo previews.
Can't see photos you've taken. 
Expensive battery, low picture quality
Photos outside seem to turn out even better as the flash seems too powerful indoors.
$60.00 for a lot of time and work into getting a halfway suitable picture. 
pic quality varies,  expensive battery
expensive
Low Resolution, No Removable Memory, Software Problems (for me)
low resolution, short battery life
Downloading is frustrating, takes really bad pictures with the flash on.
Inconsistent picture quality
Long photo download time
Expensive batteries, slow connection speed.
No LCD viewfinder, batteries can be pricy.
not at this price
Picture quality depends on the photographer.
State of the art has caught up with and passed this model.
The flash is so powerful it ruins your pictures.  
It is a real time/money waster
No viewing of photos taken until download, difficult to use flash, short battery life.
Worst print quality I've seen since my dot-matrix printer, circa 1987.
Paper Jams, Very Expensive ink, Very Slow, So-So print quality, Not very reliable.
Cheap color printer, paper feed
Jams easily, ink is very expensive
paper feed annoying
Poor Image Quality
A LITTLE SLOW ON COLOR COPIES
Just not a great printer
everything else
cartridge cost,color fade,print quality
poor quality on photo's
Not high quality
its cheap and misfeeds a lot
Only prints a few pages before it jams up
Print quality, paper feeder 
Uses lots of ink, paper jams.
Inefficient and unreliable 
very slow, loads one sheet at a time
fragile, AFFORDABLE
It Lies To You
Annoying.
Slow color printing, low quality
Broke down after 4 months. Ink runs to much, paper jams.
changing back &amp;amp; forth for color and B&amp;amp;W cartridge, less than average color quality for photos with 3-color cartridge
not best quality, but ok
 defective parts, noisy
Poor quality, holds hardly any paper.
none its very reliable
Papper loading, top loading
flimsy paper trays
You don't get to see the printing quality
Frequent jams, frequent error messages, broke after a year.
Flimsy design, no cable included
dirt cheap
Hassle, hassle, Hassle
Pretty decent with quality of graphics
paper jams
Only one cartridge
quality
Frequent paper jams and expensive ink cartridges
Jams easily, and doesn't feed without a lot of assistance.
expensive cartridges, poor support lines, durability.
cost of cartridge, color fade, low quality prints
sometimes jams paper up
Paper Jams, Low Ink Capacity, Bad Alignment, Frustrating
Takes forever, paper loading sucks
Expensive cartridges; software sometimes forgets where printer is
ink price
its a piece
poor quality
Paper jams, slow
Not compatable with Windows NT
price of replacement cartridges, job speed (slow)
Haven't found any yet
not as fast as others
Cartridges are a liiiiiiiittle expensive, but they last a long time so it's not a big deal
bad paper feed, poor print quality
Lots, read the review!
Slow printer, Small &amp;amp; Expensive Print Cartridges
paper jams sometimes and expensive cartridges
none found yet!
Slow
none
none
doesn't work all the time, 
Tempermental
Either/Or ink cartridge system
Expensive ink, Goes through ink quickly, slow
Speed, quality
everything else
na
Not suitable for any work application
Auto paper feed doesn't work
Frequent jams, spots and offset text occasionally
top feeder
Single cartridge system, slow speeds, low quality, shall i go on?
Expensive cartridges, one cartridge, slow.
Sheet Feed, Drivers, Speed, Quality
Poor speed and quality
Expensive Ink Cartridges
Too many to mention
Where should I start........cheap....
None
horrible results
.....
Ink cartridges can be a little hard to come by, but you can order them direct from Lexmark online.
could be clearer
Everything
not as good as more expensive models
slow, paper feeder doesn't work right
To slow just all out pain in the buttocks.
Recently acting up (program error), one cartridge slot only, recommend re ink kit.
paper handling - my one year old handles paper better
Dirt cheap quality.
Slow, quality of prints, expensive print cartridges
Everything
Cheap manufacture/is not durable, paper jams
Usually it doesn't
slow, many little problems
paper jams
The new "Compaq" and "Samsung" compliant  cartridges don't work in it.
Can't say in less than 15 words!
paper jams constantly, wastes ink
jams a lot, exspensive ink cartridge.
too many 
carts are expensive, color is desirable, somewhat slow
No power switch, No tray to catch printed sheets
Just about every thing that can make a printer bad.
Slow, noisy
Sometimes a little slow depending on the settings...
Slow, unreliable, eats paper
Constant Bidirectional Errors and had to hand feed paper
cost of cartridges, noise, profile
Waiting for it to be delivered
Cartridges are somewhat pricey but last a good while
Fragile
doesn't live up to claims. quickly breaks down
color can come out badly even with 1/2 of a cartridge left
none
Feels Cheap, Expensive Ink Cartridges
high cost of ink cartridges - and specialty papers
Case is slightly chinsey
slow printing
Overprice cartridge
High cost per page, may be overtaken by newer printers
Technical Bugs, Expensive to Maintain
More $$ than the cheapo brands
Paper jams if paper tray blocked
Costly ink usage
price of the ink cartridges
It's a little slow in 1200 x 1200 color print speed - but is comparable to other models.
Discontinued model, but still available
Hate the paper feed tray 
Cartridges are expensive
Have to use heavy paper....
too long to spool, does not always print
none
Unreliable, time and resource wasting machine.
Ink cartridges don't work properly, construction seems shoddy.   
None
ink cost, noise (all problems common to inkjets)
Price of Ink
bad resolution, frequent problems, 
ink refills cost too much
Lots of problems with this printer and it's drivers, Parallel port only, Parallel cord not included, Uses lots of ink quickly
Very high consumables cost, poor handling of envelopes
nothing I can see
Undependable, slow, flimsy, inconsistently supported, supplies expensive and inconsistent in quality, supplies hard to find, not appropriate for daily use, certainly not appropriate for professional use.
It's hard to &amp;quot;score&amp;quot; around the edge to pry up the top
ink guzzler...expensive in the long run
Unreliable; jams; support doesn't help; ink is very expensive
Poor cartridge performance, problems with paper feeder
Does not like it when you refill your own cartridges. Had other failures.
Not the best quality, You get what you pay for.
Print feeder jams, slow printing, only one cartridge at a time.
Only 1200 x 1200. Have to switch ink cartridges.
cartridges a little expensive
Forget about printing anything in color
very slow printing, printing quality not as good as others in price range.
paper jams constantly
n/a
Horrible paper feed
Print problems, slow like mud
only holds one ink cartridge at a time
Poor quality color printing, can't use rebate
Slightly slower than the more expensive models
slow
Grainy Picture, Dull Picture, No Speed, LOUD !! 
runs out of ink quickly depending on how much ink you actually push.  There are better printers for this catagory
Bad paper handling
single-cart, not for home office use
Poor prints, Paper Jams up the wazoo, another Lexmark Loser
none
color and ink runs out quick
Slow, poor print quality, voracious ink usage
No support for anything but windows 9x
Bad cartridge life
Sort of slow printing; High Definition pictures are kind of grainy.
None yet
Paper Tray, Single Cartridge Holder, Alignment, Expensive Cartridges
Speed, Ink Cartridge
Uses quite a bit of ink on picture quality
No Windows 2000 support at this time
When printing a color picture, it will fade the edges a bit
Thank you very much!
Expensive ink refills
slow
I have not yet found any dislikes.
Expensive cartridges-use refill ink
Software Bug
Average speed, low paper supply.
Cartridges expensive. Almost the price of printer itself.
EXPENSIVE ink cartridges
it's just not a very good printer.
It's extremely slow
Occasionally jams if you push the paper in too far
Slow, cartridges $35+
Cartridges to refill cost more than the darn printer
printing rate is a bit slow, but the pros make up for it.
Cons: Ink is expensive and the printer quality is questionable
Slow, noisy, one cartridge.
print cartridge inconvenience and expense
Refills.
Color Cartridge drains quickly
none
slow, only one print head
Slow
None so far!
ink smears when wet
None
No soft-power on, single cartridge design
I do not like the way it feeds the paper in
Not for big Jobs or office use
ink waster
Accepts one cartridge only
Haven't noticed any 
Slow speed
One cartridge, rather than dual.
print speed cost of replacement cartridges
Slow Printing Speed
None
print speed
Slow and print could be better
speed, uses a lot of ink
One cartridge, expensive ink, slow
prints slow
slow printing on color
expensive replacement cartaridges
Loves the ink
Expensive ink cartridges with limited availability
Having to buy the ink
Poor printing quality
Paper feeds wrong sometimes
None that I have found yet.
Replacement cartridges are expensive
Too slow to print, color cartridge doesn't last
the exet pray is not the best
not the greatest quality prints.
Color prints are poor quality but ok  if your just getting started.
Replacement ink cartridges are expensive
really slow and only one cartridge
Prints kinda slow
Not photo quality
only holds one cartridge, replacement cartridges can get expensive, if you print a lot.
none so far
Prints slowly
can't find one at this time
very slow, ink cartridges are more expensive than average
prints slow when reslution is set high
definitely not high-end
speed of printing
due to popularity in my area,ink cartridges are sometimes hard to find
Ink Cartridges are expensive.
No support for the future
Expensive ink and slow
low number of pages printed per minute
color cartridge hard to snap into place
Cartridges are a bit more expensive.  Color printing is good but not photo quality
a little slow and now black cartridge comes with it.
speed, cost of black ink cartridge.
only room for one cartridge at a time
I didn't find this printer sooner
 Ink cartridges are expensive
SLOW--wastes time and money
NONE, NONE, NONE!!!!!!!
tends to bend cheap light weight paper when starting a print job
I have had this printer for a while and there is no problems with it. (NO paper jams or anything else)
none
slow, bad color reproduction
Haven't found any yet
Not for those seeking photo-quality 
Single cartridge system, and finding the ink can be prove to be a problem.
a little slow, only one ink cartridge
Couldn't ever get the red out, tech support was clueless.
None
slightly slow print time
It hasn't the programmable features of costlier printers.
heavy ink consumption
Ink prices are way too high
Color printing and time span per printed page
none yet
Expensive Printer cartridge
Low Quality
No seperate black cartridge
Slow, no serious support
wish it print faster
Slow
Must swap carts, a little slow on color printing
NONE
none
noisy, slow
it prints pretty slowly
None
Noisy, ink is expensive, very slow
Can't use my scanner
One ink cartridge system
cartridges
Photo print quality, cartridge life
prints slowly
Print time
The price of the ink cartages
Win98/95, Power Mac.
none
slow, print quality poor
a little noisy in colour print mode
32.00 for an an ink cartridge
High operating cost
One cartridge at a time, sometimes misfeed paper
none yet
When creating multi page documents, they sometimes wind up on the floor
Customer Service
Short lifespan
Paper feeder gets crazy.
Swapping cartridges, colour only adequate, media expensive
none
None
Poor print quality, expensive cartridges and poor dependability.
It's junk.
comes with color cartridge only, unreliable, poor tech support 
A little slow
Broke right away, new ink cost as much as printer
Paper feeder not very good. Paper does not stay straight. Printer cartridges high. 
Too slow for those with high speed needs
A little tricky to set up.
problems installing, defective
separate cartridges for color/black, cartridges dry up quickly if not used daily.
Big cartridge means it costs a bit more to refill.  New cartridges are EXPENSIVE.
either a black or a color ink cartridge in at a time
Can't be ran through a scanner
Slow. Often pulls in more than one sheet at a time. 
Can only use one cartridge at a time,does not last very long, 
runs a bit slow when set to high quality printing, program shows it's printing when it's not when set to high quality
Does not include cord to computer or black and white print cartridge
only holds one ink cartridge at a time 
Very picky when using parallel.
Quality
slow, cables extra, uses a lot of ink very quickly
Extremely Slow! 1/2 ppm color!
replacement cartridges are expensive, and it use a lot of ink
does not work with linux
You have to open the printer and swap cartridges to change from color to B&amp;amp;W
Price of Ink
Haven't found any yet
confusing
Paper storeage must be refilled frequently when doing big jobs
It only worked once
No cables.  No black cartridge.  Interface problems.
Cartridge is both B&amp;W and color ink, to replace one you replace both
Medium-High Quality Printing
I couldn't find cons when it came to this printer. I loved everything. 
whoa there on that ink
Get what you pay for.
Driver reinstallation, Cartridge swapping, 8 1/2" paper limit
None so far.
Not a workhorse or speed demon. Expensive cost per page.
Didn't come with a printer cable
It is a little slower than I would like it to be
Switching Cartridges and re-aligning quite often!
Only one Cartridge- Black and Color Combined
Expensive ink cartridges $30-40
Non-refillable cartridges
somewhat slow, 
Making quality photos uses excessive ink.  
Not as fast as some printers.
Network setup instructions are not provided, but they are somewhat different.
Slow and noisy.
Horrible print quality
The imaging is a shade on the light side.
Slowwwww, does not come with a black ink cartridge
Tends to use ink quite fast therefore you need ink more.
Print quality leaves much to be desired. 
Ink is expensive and this is an ink eater!
Photo Ink is VERY expensive
Cartridges get stopped up ALL THE TIME, must be replaced (costs 2x printer)
Cartridges get blocked really easily, paper gets jammmed often
Pricey ink
ink guzzler
None
Cheap plastics.  Linux support is limited.  Cost of ink is outrageous, near impossible to refill.
The price of the ink refills and their inherent short term life.
Not what is lives up to be
Does not include print cable.
Comes with only a black ink cartridge. , Stopped feeding paper after 6 months., 
Speed
Eats ink. Eats ink.
Expensive ink.
Replacement ink is expensive, and it is kind of slow and a little loud
Printing is Slow and and operation is a Bit Loud
larger than old Lexmark
Print speed could be better.
NONE
It does &lt;B&gt;not&lt;/B&gt; come with a printer cable - you need to supply your own.
The ink cartridge replacements are very high priced
Does not come with black ink cartridge.
Not good for high quality pictures
Ink carts are a little expensive
feeds out more than one piece of paper
Cartridge cost, quality
Definitely not recommended for high-volume image documents!
not the fastest 
top feeding printer
slow, needs some additional purchases
Ink cartridges are 29.00. a little slower on the ppm print spead than our epson, Ink cartridges snap in instad of drop in.
Cable included was broken, doesn't print as fast as they boast on box, kind of loud printing 
Too large, a bit slow
cartridge installation is a bit tricky, $29 cartridges, only comes with a color cartridge
Expensive Ink, Need to replace ink often
cartridge prices
Expensive Ink, kinda noisey for an inkjet.
Printing is Slow and a Bit Loud
None
horrible...slow...and defective
Very Slow; Expensive ink; Jams, but rarely.
have had it mis-feed a few times
Loud and slow
Lack of package contents, high price per page rating
Slower than advertised
Doesn't come with much; uses ink quickly; a little slow.
Take Very Long To Print A Page
Not reliable
-
Very slow, uses too much ink, and very loud.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
... When it wants to work
Occasional errors in communication with computer. Annoying voice.
Poor XP, compatibility, USB cable not included w/printer, Paper tray.
HEAVY ink user, no cable, expensive to operate
constant paper jams, hogs ink, small characters print off-kilter.
only ships with colour cartridge, small expensive cartridges
Speed is slower than advertised
Loud
No good with XP, ink smearing, limited options.
Only USB (no parallel) connectivity, ink cartridges are pricey
Prints off center.  Jams.  No easy repairs.  Ultra-expensive cartridges.
Printer driver was a chore to install
Expensive print cartridges
Sometimes won't cancel when you want it to
Pulls paper in crooked. Did not come with a black ink cartridge.
Slow Color Printing, Ink Use
Poor XP compatibility., Crappy Factory Driver., Poor Paper Loading., , 
I haven't found any yet.
VERY pricey ink cartridges; initially comes only with a color ink cartridge.
Jammed regularly, very poorly made
No frills, just basics.
expensive ink, poor quality, no solutions in "Solution Center"
Slow color printer, expensive ink refills
Ink Ink Ink!! Too expensive
lower tray location, foot print
Sometimes, too fast. (I don't know if that's a con)
Need to buy cable, ink doesn't dry fast enough sometimes
paper jams sometimes and doesn't load straight
No cable.
EXPENSIVE CARTRIDGES
Annoying "talking" software. A little noisy.
Does not load paper reliably. Ink cartridges are pricey.
Ink runs out pretty quickly and is expensive
A little difficult to change printer cartridges
Cartridges cost more than printer
TENDS TO JAM; A BIT SLOW AS QUALITY INCREASES
Cheap, No USB cable included.
Stopped working within a month
I don't like the voice speaking telling me the printing is started and complete.  
low paper capacity, poor print quality, washed out colors, some frustrating idiosyncrasies
Expensive to Print, Outdated XP Drivers
Didn't come with a cord or black ink. 
Washed-out printouts, slow**
Ink cartridge goes fast, Our printer stopped work w/in 3mo's of purchase
Sometimes has a little trouble feeding paper
a bit slow; somewhat noisy; bulky 
Installation and software CD.
Paper feeding is quite noisy
Understanding what you're buying should reduce any negatives
Slower than a Ronco infomercial
One-function machine
larger, requires user to provide printer cable
You get what you pay for.  It's not an HP.  Ink is expensive. 
Not extremely fast
A little more $ for ink cartridges
I haven't found one yet
little quirks, nothing devastating
Not as high a quality as I had expected; the paper feeder is somewhat poorly designed; the paper-catcher is too short; and it seems to be slowly breaking its software. (Mostly minor gripes)
Cartridges very expensive
Haven't found any yet!
jamming,expensive cartridges
You decide
none!
cost of ink cartridges
Ink expensive
Colour repro isn't faultless
Bulky
Rather large footprint, slow, and ink tends to dry up when not used frequently. 
terrible dithering hw/sw/fw, VERY slow
GRABS the paper, bulky, expensive ink cartridges
Very expensive cartridges.
violent paper handling
Costly and jams often.
None yet, but I'll keep you posted!
Higher Resolution, Slower Printing
Exspensive Ink!
Somewhat slow on graphics and color.
print cartridge alignment procedure is a pain in the ...
Very poor paper load design. 
Seems to use ink quickly; ink cartridges are about $30.
uses gallons of ink, cartridges don't last and tech support is terrible
none, yet
Expensive to own 
None
Half full expensive cartridges
Expensive consumables.  6-color printing does NOT a photo printer make!
bad images quality
Jams Frequently, Ink Smears on some types of printables, very expensive ink.
Have to buy new ink cartridges.
Ink cartridges don't last long enough and they are expensive. $30 each, black and color!
ink refills cost more than Canon, but last lots longer
prints only one sheet at at time.
Slow and seems to use up black ink quickly.
Slow in colour printing
High Ink costs (I am told), Flimsy output tray.  
Compatibility to windows xp, color not as sharp as other lexmark brands.
No cable included.  Exit tray fails to stop prints from falling off.
washed out color, poor paper handling and drinks a lot of ink
Expensive, faulty consumables.  Poor colour quality, sketchy text.
Ink prices
not great for printing pictures
Drinks ink like a fish, tends to jam quasi-frequently 
upgraded ink cartridges can get expensive
Some say cartridge price (~$30) but this seems comparable to other inkjet cartridges
mediocre photo printing, bad paper trays
Consumables are a bit pricey
none
None yet
Cheap
Nothing as of yet
No Cables are included
The Z42 is only slightly more expensive.
none so far
Expensive Consumables
none
Cheap
Printer driver (Mac) not the best, expensive cartridges.
Cables should be included
&lt;b&gt;EATS INK LIKE IT'S GOING OUT OF STYLE&lt;/b&gt;
Expensive consumables (total up to around $175/year).
None yet
Very slow on 1200 dpi
not one bad thing about it.
Well, you get what you pay for...
Annoying "talking printer" utility
slow
&lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;USB cable NOT included&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/i&gt;; Noisy startup and shutdown; Color quality NOT the greatest.
Slow printing, one feed roller operation. Vertical envelope feed only.
cost
Very expensive replacement cartridges, automatic feed wrinkles paper, difficult installation 
Cartridges dry out quickly and are expensive.  Some driver problems in XP.
Little slow on large documents.  Paper tray too small. Ink costs $$
none
A bit expensive
All
possible paper jams
Slightly slow for color
None.
Ink cartridge refills cost higher than normal
Might be a little slow,getting ready to print. I only added this because it's required to put in something
Ink cartridges are not at special prices as often as other brands.
High Cost Per Page, Expensive Ink
none
It talks, most printers don't, scary
NOT NT compatible.
No USB connections on some PC's
Software can get confused
Not network compatible, no Unix drivers
Slow, Poorly designed, Expensive 
Footprint, Cost of  Replacement Ink Cartridge
Size
Quick print is horrible.
Hard to find in stock.
haven't found any yet..
Use of color ink seems high.
A CMYK printer with an RGB driver. Hence the colours are wholly unadjustable and no pure colour is possible, Useless for colour unless you are a rank amateur
use the special paper when printing images
Noisy paper feed and expensive ink cartridges.
none
Prints very slowly, uses a lot of ink.
cartridge cost
cost, temperamental
Slow
Price
READ BELOW
none
slow photo printing, expensive replacement cartridges, crooked form feed gets worse with time, massive footprint
Slightly larger footprint than average printers.
Ink runs out quickly
high ink Cost.
Prone to SPOOL32 errors
None for the price
slow photo
Paper tray too short
Availability
None
REALLY BUGGY!!
May not have the sleekest looks.
Relatively expensive print cartridges 
The cost of replacement cartridges! 
need larger paper tray and better driver to set your own defaults
Simply cannot be relied upon.
High cost of ink replacement &amp; photo quality doesn't meet my expectations.
NONE
Small Paper Feed, Noisy
Problems, problems &amp; more problems!
Slow high colored pages
Noisy, Ink refills expensive.
customer service becomes your best friend
You can really tell when the cartredge is going
Didn't buy it sooner.
Expensive Ink, Low Quantity Ink Cartridges.
cheap quality
The usual budget-printer stuff
Size, Cartridge Cost
Does not include Parallel or USB cabling. Requires additional desk real estate.
Ink is expensive and not as easy to find as most brands.
A little slower than I would like.
Somewhat noisy, high cost of printing
Mediocre plain-paper printouts, consumables expensive, water soluble ink
Expensive ink
Cartridges replacement are very expensive. Occasional paper jam.
not much price movement, brand is not as well known as others
Ink cartridges are on pricey side.
A little bulky when it comes to size of printer
No complaints
NONE AT ALL!!!
expensive (but not more than other brands) ink cartridges
dark, blury digital image prints
Slow and expensive replacement cartridges
Cost of color printing per page can add up quickly, like all inkjets though.
ink is expensive, 
none yet...
Expensive Ink, High Cost Per Page
size,ink price
ink cartridges cost
ink cost
high cost of ink, slower than advertised.
Text not perfect, speed not fast
Like all inkjet printers, there will be ink cost.  Time will tell if it's excessive.
no serious
Very, Very slow
none so far
reliability, performance
A bit pricey for small budgets, otherwise, no cons.
no print preview built into the driver/print quality greatly deteriorates over time
difficult to install, poor tech support
large size
Almost too fast.  Occasionally feeds paper wrong.
Shakes a bit when printing
Poor USB support, high ink cost, poor build quality
Two Cartridge system makes buying color cartridges expensive
Slow color printing, expensive ink, strange output occasionally.
Somewhat Bulky;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Lexmark Printer Ink Cartridges are expensive
Terrible technical support; poor customer appreciation.
Moderately Large for Inkjet Printer
none
Sometime Prints Sideways
expensive ink. Low quality print outs on cheap paper
Noisy at times and literally spews the paper out.  It surprises some people.
need larger paper tray and better driver to set your own defaults 
Ink(Cost) Not a Fan
Large foot print. Quality (non-output) issues. 
no usb cable in the box
Photo printing quality was low, driver froze the computer
Noisy paper feeder.
Printer is larger then most inkjets. High price of replacement Ink Carts. 
Little on the loud side and shakes a little more than the printer I replaced.
No USB cable included, Single Color cartridge
Small Paper port, lot of movement kinda loud!
Some minor driver issues in windows XP and expensive cartridges.
paper doesn't always feed properly
its higher in space needed
Buggy drivers (?), noisy, pricey replacement cartridges.
overpriced, noisy, outragous cost of replacement cartriges
Cost of Ink, Weight
Paper feed isn't a tray
It's slow
No USB cable provided; slightly bulky
Slow, big, expensive cartridges
Text disappointing, high ink consumption
Slow, expensive ink cartridges, and bad paper jams.
Bulky, paper tray is too short, noisy during some tasks
Slightly bulky; no USB cord 
paper can have trouble keeping up
Breaks down fast, unattractive bulky design, noisy
Poor photo &amp; plain paper text quality, high cost-per-page (a consistent problem with lexmarks).
paper handling 
bit large, and loud paper feed
Overall text quality was below standard.
Photo quality poorer than Epson C82.
noisy, poor quality photos.
Cost of ink cartridges.
Ink is expensive.  Combined color cartridge...when one color is out, they all are.
High per page cost, slow print speed, unreliable paper feed, poor software, bad hardware quality
Noisy paper loading and bulky size
Loud paper feed noise.  Quality paper must be used. 
Toner cartridges are a little pricey.
Expensive toner cartridges and cost per page, decent photo quality.
2Mb memory, "small" paper cache (~100 sheets)
expensive toner cartridges
No Color, No LCD Display just 3 lights on the panel
Cartridge Cost
Haven't found any cons yet :)
Driver install is flaky
paper feeder, print cartridge is expensive
paper feeder, print cartridge is expensive
Maybe I got a lemon, but the paper handling is terrible!
Bad support, does not print in DOS or LINUX
slight paper handling issue
Only comes with 4mb memory.
Amount of RAM
Learning curve needed to get proper paper handling.
None at this price point
cost of toner cartridge
A bit loud/paper pulling problem
deceptive packaging on toner cartridge
Prints look too light, no network adapter
Expensive toner, slightly cheap feeling plastic parts, low-tech support site
Software froze once
Everything!
SELECTIVELY FAXES, many receiving errors, HORRIBLE SERVICE
Doesn't have the digital card I would have liked.
No on/off button, no telephone/fax button. Poor color fidelity in copy mode. 
Noisy, slower than most, could have better software
uses a lot of ink, isn't a flatbed scanner
Fax problem
Sucks every piece of paper at once, crappy Win2k drivers and just all around sucks.
Was very hard to set up. Still haven't gotten it done. 
Snags about 27% of memory resources with the different drivers that sits in resident memory.
Cost of replacement cartridges. Difficult and perhaps impossible to network.
not a flatbed scanner
Lexmark support is rather poor.  Instruction booklet vague on certain topics.
Ink cartridges are pricey and difficult to refill.
Scan and copy quality are VERY poor. Cannot scan photos printed on Kodak paper.
Incompatible w/ XP laptops, ink problems, poor paper feed, poor support
paper always jams, long wait time for printing to start
Sometimes pulls the paper in a little slanted.  Initial Set-up problems
Only takes 100 sheets of paper, ocassional paper jam, but nothing frequent or that bad.
Quality
Driver failures in Windows XP, No parallel port, does not work as network shared printer
The printer has problems with the right ink cartridge.
Paper input jams frequently, lawsuit pending
Large, noisy
Print quality, speed, paper feed
Numerous communication errors, and when scanning it never scans straight even.
Scan quality is not good for pictures. 
Full page text (BxW or color)or photos print much slower than the specifications indicate. 
lack of network support
Scanning Colors, Installation Software, printer drivers.
Doesn't work with all USB Cards
Print quality is poor.  Slow
Expensive ink cartridges. Slow color printing. Loud paper feeder. Not for high volume use.
can have problems
A little noisy.
rather large
Have to have computer on to copy. 
Its very stressful printer, with many frustrations. Go to Kinkos.
USB connection often fails, software is a memory hog.
loud, slow color printing
I found nothing wrong with this item 
Somewhat noisy, expensive cartridges, hard to scan bulky items
does not fax, cartridges expensive, after a year, the printer died
loud, broke easily
Color printing a bit slow
Frequent reinstalls of software to correct glitches, extremely noisy during high resolution scans.
Software Problems, Hardware Problems, Printing Problems, Hours spent with tech support
None that I have found
Won't stay installed.
Regular Cartridges can cost as much as the printer, Scan quality is lacking
"Error communicating with the printer" - DOES NOT work with XP, Compaq &amp; Dell PCs
No USB cable included?  C'mon!
Have to wait for print screen before you can do anything else
Poor scans, ink runs out, price of ink relative to new printer, WINDOWS only
Paper jam-ups and misalignments; can't print nonstandard(custom) sheet sizes; documents tobe scanned mustbe superflat onglasstop
bulky but is expected since it's a scanner to
Very slow when other programs are running,
Glitchy Drivers, Poor paper handling
Setup problems, mediocre print speed.
Paper misfeeds.  Interface software very very slow.  No USB cable provided.
Chews through the ink.  Needs the PC to use copy function.
None that I've discovered
Paper is misfed and software is slow.
print quality poor, paper misaligns, print cartridges plug up
Buggy manfacture provided software required to print. Poor paper loading tray design. Jams easily.
Will have to buy cables, numerous refills that are very hard to find.
Ink cartridges are small, may want to look at refilling.
You'll go through ink cartridges like they're water., Print and scanner quality is lame., 
could not get it to work.   Software is slow
Slow Load time, paper feed errors!
Will need to purchase a cable and eventually black and color ink refills, 
Very slow, drinks ink like water, paper jams constantly, broke after a few months.
Cannot be used over a network. Touchy paper feed.  USB ONLY Connector.
Poor photo quality printing, cannot network with other computers in the house
As good as the color output is, it's not a real photo printer.
expensive ink, no *nix support, crappy paper handling, USB-only
Slightly more expensive than other printers; however, the price is worth it!
Cheaply built, bad customer service from lexmark
There is a problem with the scanner locking on some of the machines.
Reliability, dependability, poor quality and poor tech support
Its Crap - Disfunctional, bad design, incompatable, terrible print quality
Not compatible with Windows XP
Paper jams. Fax misleading
Runs Through Ink Rather Quickly; 
Size, Connection reliability with XP, Ink Usage and Cost
Display Window not lighted.
Some features can't be accessed by software if Windows XP. No paper manual.
software installation is difficult
I have not found any yet.  Costly Ink Cartridges
Margins are larger than expected.
BIG machine&amp;#13;&amp;#10;A little noisy...&amp;#13;&amp;#10;No walk-up faxing
Questions about sturdiness
sometimes there is an error message not covered in manual or on web site
The size is a little bulky, doesnt come with a USB cable.
Bad scans, flaky, cheap plastic box/hinges, cant clean underside glass.
Takes a while to figure out how to use the fax 
did not come with installation disk
&amp;#149; May wreak havoc on your system if you own a PDA.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#149; Communication problems.
Horrible printer
a bit large and noisy
Bulky and Noisy
nothing
A little on the noisy side.
Photos are not clear, noisy operation, software needs improvement, reliability questionable.
A bit noisy, flimsy, sometimes blurry, software average
Noisy, lengthy time to copy in photo mode. Tends to add too much red.
No USB cable included, other minor.
USB cable does not come with it.
cartridges ran out quick
Poor color quality for printing photos, Cheap plastic shell, USB cable not included.
breaks down two months after warranty goes out
Haven't run into any yet.
MOST OF THE TIME, IT DOESN'T WORK!
Expense of cartridges; cannot use generic brands.
Difficult to use
Software difficult to install and does not work well with XP
X83 is incompatible with Windows Xp and breakdowns average every 3 months.
Speed
Not shareable over network
Drivers, speed
Size
size. speed
None that I have found.
Poor drivers, software glitches. Poor support.
Copying isn't great Quality. , Set up kind of a pain.
Communication Errors
Bulky, expensive
Hard to install
Drivers have a tendancy to be tempramental.
Lots of problems (limited to XP, possiblly)
Excellent print, scan,copier
Failure to communicate with my computer or Windows XP
Discontinued in most stores
Expensive, although long-lasting cartridges
Shoots finished copies at you. Top load.
out of every 10 or so uses, it has a printing error
Speed, but for this price I can't complain.
Slow printing, especially graphics and pictures, and paper sometimes sticks together.
JUNK, Pricey Cartridges, Exit Tray too short (paper tends to land on floor).
Too many to list. 
*Although not really, **Ratings aren't always real life, ***Although slightly overkill
Breaks easily. Very, Very poor quality on anything other than plain black text.
None
Cartridge price, end-of-print "spew"
Additional Software, Cartridge Problems
none
Sometimes has trouble with print jobs (rarely, though).
paper feed
usb support lacking
none
none
Costly cartridges ($30 vs. $20 for Epson)
None
bulky
None
Moderately noisy.
slower than quoted, dark photo output
Conflict with AVI chipset renders printer virtually unusable
small document tray
None.
doesn't print...and no tech support help
None!
None yet!
Pixels are obvious
none
Expensive ink refills, hard to find ink refills, I bought before the recent price drop
Nothing
Cartridge Cost
Loud and sometimes slow
Not all the features of the Z52.
Average color quality; top speeds only in draft mode.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Have yet to find a Con
Does not come with necessary cables
Poor Picture Quality, claims 640x480 or 1.3 megapixel, 1.3 megapixel is fake. Has no flash
The absolute worst picture quality I've ever seen on ANY digital camera, at any price.
jaw-droppingly awful photos - absolutely destroyed our good moods
Deceptive Advertising Leading to HORRIBLE PICS especially indoors
sh_t pictures most of the time, viewfinder not accurate
Low quality pics. and breaks within months of purchasing.  
No view window for seeing if the picture came out OK.
not too good under low-light conditions
EXTREMELY poor quality
Poor Quality, No Flash, No LCD display.
Pricey, Seat Position Limitations
only one seat adjustment, limited sun-screening
Handles are fragile. 
expensive, inadequate sunshade, hard to adjust seat position
Seat doesn't recline far enough for small babies
It is impossible to unhitch the five point harness. It sticks horribly.
Expensive, heavy, small baskets
no suspension
Hood broke and lock cracked
a little costly
Not very comfortable, no shopping basket, slightly suspect raincover fittings
Small baskets.
Pricey.  (I found a bargain online).
expensive
Parts have broken easily, small canopy
Price!
detachable hood is a bit weird
price, need to service
pricey
baskets could be bigger
A little costlyly, but not bad realitive to quality.
small baskets, canopy doesn't block sun, expensive
Two handed reclining mechanism, hard to reach connecting hook
price, warranty limitations
not so easy to fold down with attachments, width
Very Pricey! smaller under seat storage
Expensive, quite wide for small spaces, canopies aren't adequate for blocking sun.
Cheap wheels, they chatter when you walk fast &amp; very hard to close. 
Small Basket,canopy window placement
Expensive, useless basket.
Lacks rubber wheels and suspension on the rear wheels.Canopy lever faulty on some models.
Heavy when folded, expensive.
non at all
4 recline positions blend into one- up or down,no drink/bottle holder, 
expensive
brakes failed, hood leaks, plastic latches on hood broken - all after 4 months
Brakes are difficult to apply, canopy doesnt provide much shade
Pricey, small basket, 
wheel issues, useless basket, other quality control problems
Positioning of window and basket a bit awkward
Small basket.
Expensive
Doesn't fully recline, small basket, expensive.
expensive, smallish basket, average size canopy
back heavy, tips far too easily
price
small basket
Swivel wheels don't always stick in the "fixed position", which I prefer to use.
Wheels NEVER worked - I bought/returned 3 Maclaren Mistrals.  Awkward brakes.
not very good for small babies, not very well padded
UNSTABLE! Low seat, uncomfortable ride, small basket, doesn't stand when folded,
small basket
High price tag.
COST $$$$$, canopy, basket
No cons unless cost is a major issue
leg rest extensions tend to collapse in the middle
It does cost more money then others.
Expensive
price
The sunhood - read below.
Camera doesn't work well in darker settings, power hungry
Bigger battery hog than Fisher Price toys! Oink!
Takes forever to snap a shot
battery usage
no optical zoom &amp;amp; low battery life
No optical zoom. Beeping cannot be disabled.
There are still advances to be made, but this is the best
slow to start, slow to view pictures 
No optical zoom, slow focus, no good for action flash shots.
No optical zoom, eats batteries (!)
doesn't hold a lot of battery power
Included program, battery usage, too slow downloading pictures.
consume batteries
Did not load pictures to PC. Power monster. Display must be On during loading.
Slow AF; electronic viewfinder needs improvement; hand grip not comfortable; exposure not consistent
Heats up, grainy viewfinder, short battery life, sluggish autofocus&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
uses AA batteries, has flimsy pop-up flash
Eats batteries, however use can use NiMH rechargeable batteries that are cheap
Takes awhile to learn all of the controls but once you do, WOW!
Exposure problems, still no PC-cord flash adapter promised by Minolta 
Only comes with 16mb compact flash card and 4 Alkaline Batteries.
Battery life is poor, power pack connector is weak.
Low Battery life like all digitals, Extra step to process pix
The viewfinder takes getting used to - doesn't feel or appear truely TTL
NO PC TERMINAL; poor battery life; painfully slow autofocus
Slow Autofocus
Poor autofocus convergence in low light
Too slow to focus, no sound on MPEG, too small, clumsy controls, poor battery life.
must accessorize, semi-long time for picture to load
Poor flash. VERY slow auto focus., grainy viewfinder.
Some people may not like viewfinder
No case or lens cap holder.
None discovered yet
Easy to produce bad pictures.
complex - steep learning curve
noisy grainy images after ISO 200,, cheap silver paint EATS BATTERIES 
Totally unreliable :(
battery life, occasional slow auto focus and shutter speed (my bad probably) in low light
Eats batteries for dinner, Can't upgrade firmware.
none so far.
Batteries go a little fast. Bring along 2 or 3 sets of rechargables
Too much noise at high ISO or low light situations.
Price may be a factor for some
non rechargable battery, 'optional' AC adapter, 
weak flash, slow lenses
Small LCD, long exposures on some pix, mic on movies not great
See A Few Concerns , 
Terrible flash photos of people indoors. 
Few setbacks
Inconsistent results in auto mode.
Battery life could be better
horible picutre quality
Have to have in manual mode for date imprint.  No other complaints!
low light conditions. macro mode
Frequent Battery Charging
Macro has probs focusing, no lens attach, 
Startup a bit slow. Flash can be obscured by finger., Accidental on from control dial.
Can turn on in your pocket, weak flash
No lens attachment options
Bad build quality, worst low level customer support I have ever encountered
None yet.
Big, heavy...somewhat complicated when using advanced features...Problems with battery life and focus. 
Would have liked a metal lens cap...
auto-focus problem and auto mode set at ISO 400
Not supported by Linux (yet), Occasionally drops pictures out of memory, Horrible Tripod mount 
Controls sensitive, non-intuitive interface, rechargable batteries a must., needs additional memory card.
Read-eye when using flash, drains batteries fast.
Rechargeable batteries a must. Needs additional memory card
Batteries die quickly, but with good rechargables, who cares.
Wish I could find a camera that does elapse time frames.
NOT LINUX compatible, zoom/toggle switch poorly located, Tri-pod mount poorly located
Lens cap hassle - Selector Switch Needs Better Detent, Side Door Opens 2-EZ
Yellow Tint Indoors, Few Physical Design Flaws
Digital zoom, AC adapter plug in location.
Doesn't save settings in auto mode, eats alkalines, camera strap anchor in bad location.
Very few cons!
The folded lens compromises image quality, a little shy on features--see review
Weak Flash, HoHum Optics, Decent Battery Life, Lack Features vs. competition
8 megabyte SD card does not store many pictures.  Count on buying more storage media.
Perfect only for point and shoot. Uses SD card(more expensive). Only comes with 8MB. 
Lens in corner needs getting used to. Can easily have finger in frame
8mb sd card. Definitely buy 64 or 128mb SD card. 
Picture quality not as good as other 2-MP cameras
Lack of features
Mediocre image quality, trouble focussing indoors, anemic flash, not robust.
Image quality is satisfactory, not outstanding.
May be too compact.  Not a camera for a person with large hands
None! Well ok maybe battery life, but the Dimage's is still better than most.
umm...
Small
Too basic, Movie Mode too small
8MB card not enough, sound and quality of video recordings not good, battery life
Lens in an awkward spot, features sometimes hard to access
None
Compromised image quality.
Short battery life
lens cover can malfunction, weak flash, more unstable than bigger cameras, no included power transformer
proprietary battery
a little awkward due to it's size, easy to block the lens when taking pictures
White balance when using flash delivers pictures having a bluish cast.
Weak flash, poor battery life, limited feature set, design/ergonomics, fuzzy pictures, 
careful or you'll block lens with finger!
Spendy.
location of lens makes it easy to block when holding, menu is difficult to manage
Fiddly menu system to weed through (as is true of all digital cameras).  Battery life.
shutter buttons drop out
Noisy and Power Hog.
Bigger than ink jet, noisier.
noisy fan, poor glossy pics
Reportedly a noisy machine (Per ZD/PC Mag)
Warm up time.  Tech support!
Non-standard windows drivers.
Slow warm up.  Smears when printing on high gloss paper
Slow Wake Up from Energy Saver mode. Power hog. Odd software installs.
Loud, Accessories expensive, slow, color  cracks when folded
can't think of any
Standard paper output tray takes getting used to (see review).  Otherwise, none.
Printer driver was difficult to install.
You must have an independent electrical circuit for this unit.
Not good for photos (including B&amp;W)
Standard paper tray is a little flimsy
Inadequate Setup Guide may be difficult for people inexperienced at printer setup.
Small paper tray, USB cable not provided
Non for its price
Poor quality pics.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Flash poor.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Long wait between shots.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Customer service is horrible.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Close-ups a little fuzzy, low memory (upgradable, though), viewer awkward
not so good in dark places
hard to use
~DOES'NT TAKE GOOD PICS IN THE DARK IS AN UNDERSTATEMENT~
photos are sub-par
limited photo resolution, lens placement
none
poor picture quality, poor flash
Cheap, quality isn't that great, short battery life
pictures are iffy at best, not high-tech
Not the best image quality
no picture preview, uncommon memory
Buy a battery factory to keep up, a little large
no zoom, no pre-view capabilities, medium-quality images
No flexibility and limited to 640 x 480 
Picture quality could be better
Non-Standard Memory, Serial Interface
Mine blew up
Paper wrinkles when doing double sided printing once in awhile
Haven't found one.
Annoying Software, Older Model
The noise when printing (very quiet when not)
Mediocre graphics quality, a bit noisy
drivers, control panel, crooked printing
Lousy Win2k drivers almost kill the thing (read more for my fix.)
none yet.
Noise
Prints slightly skewed (hard to notice), no USB connectivity
Annoying repeat of voice telling you there is no paper, or for any type of error (luckily I've only had one error in the six months since the purchase of my machine) 
Big footprint
Prints slightly skewed, no USB connections, Noise.  Annoying sterile robotic voice  which repeats error and need messages (i.e. out of paper, etc.).
paper feeder poorly designed, no USB connection
Horrid Support
Sometimes the paper feeds on an angle
Noise &amp;amp; Size
Paper tray doesn't always load paper straight, takes time to start printing, smell of ink
Poor paper handling, jamming
Paper feed design flaw is extremely irritating for business or professional work
Jams tough to unjam, doesn't handle thick stock well, sometimes feeds paper at an angle
Not much
NEC should send these out with a full toner cartridge instead of half
It's Broken right out of the factory!!
price
Paper supply on the small side, slow to warm up
None
I do not like the power saver mode
Black and white
Size, not the best printer for professional jobs.
NEC Support sucks
Paper capacity
potential for paper skewing
Terrible NT/Windows 2000 drivers
Large, bulky, crooked paper feed, flimsy output tray
none
Horrible Technical Support and no future printer driver updates. 
Jams constantly.  Terrible smell.  VERY expensive toners.  Toners cheap and fall apart in printer.  
Too slow for larger work environments
Fan is slighty loud while operating, loads paper crookedly some times, and creases paper occasionally
somewhat bulky design
drivers, control panel, crooked printing
It's hard to make the paper feed straight. No USB.
Paper load tray doesn't always load paper straight.  Software package not available for Win2k.
Annoying if you are forgetful.
slow shutter speeds if not using flash, lacks viewfinder, scene modes often distort picture
No optical viewfinder, weak flash
Blurred images
No Viewfinder, Battery Life, Flash
Sometimes pictures are blurred
No  optical viewfinder, flash weak and far too close to lens
No optical viewfinder, battery life
Poor indoor photo quality. Especially the flash and white balance.  Battery life.
slightly heavier
No viewfinder, battery life could be better
Problems when using with LCD monitor off.
Turns on and off really easily when putting it into camera bag.
sometimes is a little slow when focusing or taking picture
Rechargeable battery is not included.
Short battery life
The CR-V3 batteries cost a lot, flash isn't very powerful
Small size could be a problem for large hands/Not for the expert.
LCD screen auto shut-off, 16MB card, no discount on purchasing card, battery life
No optical viewfinder, no video-out port, red-eye problems, 
Only LCD viewfinder
No view finder
You have to buy a special battery for this camera.
Short battery life and feels just a bit fragile
Red Eye
Video mode only record for 15 seconds, The memory card is too small
redeye indoors, screen is prone to scratches
It does everything for you.
Feels fragile, massive red eye problems.
Unable to set shutter speed, LCD prone to attracting dust &amp; scratches
Red eye, a little on the expensive side
delicate,no case, no optical viewfinder
Severe redeye problems in low lighting, barrel distortion at wide angles, no separate viewfinder
Horrible red-eye problem.  Can't take any people pictures inside.
Slow for action shots, no optical viewfinder,poor pic quality at night
slow battery charging speed
2 pixels not good for printing large photos out
auto-focus can be finicky
No threaded lens to accept filters or attachments, and what's with the colour scheme?
Night shots.  A bit slow.   Most stores do not have the batteries on sale.
Glare on LCD when outside., 
Somewhat grainy indoor/low light pictures, small flash range and some red eye
Bad red-eye.  The worst case of "flash flare" ever.
Weak flash, some surprisingly unpredictable results, LCD-only viewfinder. 
poor pictures in low light, slow shutter speed, 2.3 megapixel
none really
Only 2 Megapixel, Movies can only be taken for 15 seconds
No video out, red eye, underpowered flash, no AF assist lamp
Red eye, lack of optical viewfinder
uses battery quickly, comes with a lousy memory card
poor in low light without flash
Inconsistent quality.  Not so easy interface.  Somewhat large in comparison to other digital cameras.
No optical viewfinder, no video-out; red eye issues
Movie shot lasts for 40s only., Low battery life - 80mins most
Drains batteries faster than other digital cameras.
At least a 32 Meg CF card would of been nicer.
not rechargeable!  Rechargeable batteries and case available at additional cost.  Some shutter lag time 
Battery life is awful, Low light pictures turn out dull, A little too small
Shutter Lag Time.
Short Battery Life
Scene selector dial rotates accidentally.
3.1 Mega Pixels is ALOT but it would be nice to have more!
rechargeable batteries/charger not included, no manual exposure options 
shutter remains open too long, causes blurriness without tripod
Battery use is a little much - perhaps no more than most digital cameras.
No manual modes to speak of
No microphone and the battery runs down fast. 
Easy to put your fingerprints on the lens.  
No optical viewfinder, no video-out port, red-eye problems , , 
easy to put fingerprints on lens, you have to flip the lens everytime.
No optical viewfinder, Proprietary battery, Not all features available readily.
If you buy it in S. Korea all the instructions will be in Japanese.
Not an easy to use camera for beginners, quite expensive
Battery dies after a day and hard to take out.  
Terrible picture quality, menus are tough to navigate, software lacks
digital zoom gets pretty bad picture, but thats on all digital zoom
No sound w/video, instruction book intimidating, zoom and focus slow
Battery could be better, 16MB flash card
With this feature set and at this price point, none that are significant, 
Not great action shots
Cheated on optical zoom
None that I can think of for the price
A disaster! Software crashed my computer.
no RAW, small LCD, no "aidlamp" for the autofocus, too complex menus
Some menus in manual mode difficult to access.
proprietary rechargeable battery , 8mb card included with camera
Indoor photos can wash out, no sound with video (read on), pointless 16MB card
BIG if you want a go-anywhere camera.  LENS CAP!! No integrated lens protection.
Shutter lag, manual focus difficult, no CF space indicator
Lens vulnerable to dirt and damage, no neck strap
Camera had to be repaired after 31 days of ownership.
Shutter delay, digital zoom could be clearer
None that I can think of.
Ummm... not the Coolpix 4500?!  Let me try to think of a better con...
cheap casing, 16MB card
None Significant
no sound when the shutter is released
Price and slight shutter lag&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
New LCD is smaller, complex menu, auto-focus can be fooled under certain conditions.
Battery life is a little short. But not a deal breaker for sure.
Still an overall large camera with a so-so battery life.
Cost, cost, cost
Shutter release lag time, similar battery life to that of the Coolpix 995
I believe Coolpix to be a bit childish but the camera sure proves that wrong.
pop-up flash, short battery life, doesn't come with camera case
Pop up flash; price.
exposure metering iffy, compact flash card too small
BAD!
Modal menu system sometimes leaves you wondering how to get to a certain feature.
User interface is poorly designed., No USB camera-control.
Why did Nikon shrink the LCD screen?  No RAW format.
Beginners beware! Menus confusing compared to other brands. Shutter lag.
Very poor user interface, nagging time delay on motion shots
battery life. tons of features. large size.
Battery life is a little short
no af assist illuminator, 16 MB Flash card, slight shutter lag
Weak flash
Battery life, length of time it takes to write the image to the CF card
shutter lag, poorly written manual, menus not user friendly
Proprietary battery type. Embedded features take some learning. 
Lousy user manual, very unintuitive OS
Nothing important
expensive for the average consumer, only 3x zoom, no other major weaknesses
Expensive, manual not great
New Technology is EXPENSIVE
Nasty overall lag - No Focus Assist - Lousy Flash Card support
dark screen with cluttered display, slow processing time of photos
You have to read the manual to use it.
The price might be the biggest turnoff!
Expensive. Only a 3x optical zoom. &lt;i&gt;Some&lt;/i&gt; shutter lag.
None.
Slow, poor flash results, complicated, expensive.
Flash sensor STUPIDLY placed too close to shutter finger, slow autofocus
poor ergonomics, poor flash integration, poor viewfinder, autofocus almost useless
slow reaction speed
Nothing too big, a couple of gripes mentioned...
Price, slow learning curve, placement of sensors.
could use faster lense, controlls take some getting use to
Really poor performance for the price
A little complicated for the amateur user, more expensive than other comparable cameras.
Electronic Viewfinder, no AF assist light, no lens stabilization, 
Low light performance, Expensive, Does not fully support Nikon branded speedlight support
Kinda Bulky, EXPENSIVE, ho-hum battery life.
No Lens Thread, Poor Battery Life, Expensive, Difficult Nikon Support.
Slow autofocus, unfavorable flash positioning
You MUST read the manual and play with the camera settings!
not good for fast action, best used on still subjects
Deer in the headlight looks with indoor shots. Focus slow and hard to keep.
Slow and light-sensitive autofocus, no easy way to add filters
Slow auto focus, Gets confused in low light conditions
EVF limitations cause frustration
image quality and focus 
Auto-focus, Low-light pictures, Underexposes, Laggy, Poor button layout, Annoying UI
no AF Illuminator, undersized CF card
slow focusing, small displays
focus, no optical zoom lens, small buttons, lack of flexibility relative to competitor products
very hard to upload on to a pc
...
No optical zoom, slow serial transfer
Battery Power
Needs Duracell Ultra batteries, slow PC uploads
No optical zoom
shutter button has poor feel.
none
batteries run out quickly
No USB No lens cap strap No second eye for neck strap LCD poor in sunlite
No Usb, LCD Sucks In Sunlight
Some problems getting used to manual mode features.
LCD screen hard to see when turned to a verticle position.
Slow startup, pictures not always "sharp" as film pictures
Instructions are sometimes vague.
No spot focus, slow ISO 100 sensitivity, feels kind of cheap but isn't.
Annoying delay when shooting photos.  No audible or tactile feedback.
Night photography is so-so. May not be very good for advanced users.
Pictures just don't have the depth found in non digital cameras, 
some features are not intuitive at a glance.
Disappointing if you're accustomed to Nikon pro equipment!
battery life seems short, needs bigger memory card
slow startup time, blurry shots of moving objects
lens design flaw
Shutter delay sometimes frustrating, general photo control only
battery life seems short
no manual functions, feels flimsy, no interchangeable lenses
VERY SLOW PICTURE TAKING!! Not good in low-light situations. "Scene modes" are confusing.
Will not turn into a remote car starter, or a bowtie.
impromptu photos come out blurry, higher res translates to grainy pictures. 
Feels a little cheap, not the best quality, mere 8MB card 
less than spectacular moving shots, small enough to lose.  No manual settings
Speed, some PC interface issues
slow shutter release response
Focus depth could be better, battery life could be longer.
Poor night and lowlight pictures. 
LCD screen is less than optimal
Proprietary battery and small resolution limit it to novice users.
A twenty dollar camera sold for over three hundred.
Lag time between shots, "demo" software, strictly daytime photos.
Slow startup, slow when storing or deleting from CF card, a bit weird printout
Lens Design Flaw is REAL!!
- Poor low light pictures, - No noise/confirmation when taking picture
Poor performance in low light.
Skimpy 8MB CF card, shortish battery life when using LCD viewfinder
slow picture taking, slow write time
Everything else
short lifetime
more pixels can be better, battery life, no special effects
short battery life
Long pauses between pics, no panoramic mode.
Red eye is horrendous, any subject movement causes blurring, pictures are soft
None!
Slow picture taking, possible lens issue &amp; slow picture review.
Slow startup time, sharpness issue
camera takes a long time to shoot, takes a long time to delete photos individually
waits about 5 seconds to take picture so if it's moving you might miss it!
Unreliable
Build quality low, divided responsibility for warranty issues
Takes a little too long to take picture.  
Quality of long range shots is not great.
Needs PLENTY of light; Weak flash; Reds "pop out" a bit; Forgets some settings.
No pan capability when zoomed in review mode
flimsy card door,battery door is tricky, compact flash card is not big in size.
no direct camera USB port to connect to PC
Camera size and body not as attractive as others out there.
Slow lens. Hard to retrieve memory card.
You can't easily edit directly on the camera.
No shutter speed or aperture control.
Slow, only 2x optical zoom, little eye appeal
Difficult downloading, occasional glitches in performance, tacky flashcard door
smaller, not a lot to grip
Weak flash
serial port connection is slow, flash is slightly weak, comes with little memory
Weak flash, delay between shots, 2x zoom
The flash is very weak,underexposures under 7 feet
1999 technology, is nearing end of product life.
manual on cd-rom
For the Photo Enthusiast you will want more manual control.
Ugly flimsy feeling body; serial port transfer rates
No USB, weak flash.
No USB connection, takes 1 million years to download. The flash is not strong enough.
expensive functionality
Nikon tech support not useful, tech forums useful only because of other camera uses...
Battery life
Built a but flimsy, will crack a bit if dropped (even in a case).  That is the ONLY reason why I am rating this a 4.
none
heavy, look stupid
Skimpy standard accessories: 8 Mb CompactFlash, no rechargeable batteries and charger, no built-in USB capability, no hard copy manual, mediocre software bundle. Easy-to-lose unattached lens cap. Short battery life. 
2x Optical Zoom, needs a 16-32MB card
must use Nikon View
small memory card included, no USB support, poor low-light indoor shots
Unattached lens cap
Serial cable instead of USB no shutter speed control(that or I haven't found it yet) flimsy memory card door High Power consumption! 
You may have to wait for the arrival
limited zoom; Inaccessible memory card; serial transfer
None
No USB transfer/ Not twain compatible
only a 2x lens, Eats alkalines for lunch
Digital zoom capabilities 
None
Serial only interface
Can't think of any yet
Only 8MB CF card included; No USB
Looks boxy and a bit big.
Handle with a little bit of care.
Weak flash, no USB interface, frequent red-eye
somewhat limited lighting
It's not the best looking camera and its kinda flimsy
Plastic body feels fragile
Battery door is finicky.
Few and far between
Weak Flash
Taking pictures in low light situations
None
none whatsoever
Sketchy written documentation.  CD ROM is somewhat Better
CHEAP components
no USB port
short battery life
no paper manual, no USB connection, a bit flimsy
slow uploading with standard serial port
Low battery life
slow response
None
bad flash and other features.
battery life is terrible - image transfers are painfully slow
Few second wait for picture, price, battery use.
Insufficient resolution for 8x10 prints. Poor zoom quality beyond 2X.
Questionable reliability... poor flash, expensive!
Poor battery life, 8mb memory card inadequate, and flimsy coverings.
SLOOOOWWWW upload times.  Doesn't hold settings. Awkward to hold.  No lens cap strap. 
red eye, lens distortion, could use more accessories
For the Photo Enthusiast you will want more manual control.
Quality concerns.
Ugly, mine eventually broke details below
delay button till shutter, medium battery life, 8mb CF included (1 tiff=9mb)
LCD display is difficult to view in bright outdoor lighting.
slow flash speed leads to delays
The rechargeable batteries are expensive. (But you only need two!)
video has no audio, slow, no auto lens cover, loud, better choices available
Blurry pictures, expensive ad-ons required, in shop 2 times in 1st year
Short battery life, special camera battery (not AA's)
Mediocre battery life.  Definitely get a rechargeable battery.
Battery goes fast, manual settings are hard to get right, 
Large delay between button push and picture, must push button hard
only supports Type I CF cards
battery life
Rechargable battery is extra, battery life is short, only two aperature stops, if cap left on while unit is powered up, lens is driven into the cap (not that big a deal, but bad engineering)
Battery!
No date stamp function, Lens cap can damage telephoto.
Plastic battery hatch breaks; Features difficult to navigate; only 2 aperture settings; 
Too long of a delay to take picture.
barrel distortion, a little slow shutter lag, fixed lcd viewfinder
compact size &amp; settings galore
Product discontinued, only available "preowned".
2CR5 battery, 8MB included CompactFlash Card
only 2.5X optical zoom
Challenged in low-light, a little slow, weak bundle
battery Life
High Power Consumption
Internal flash, Time lag for the trigger
Battery life.
Hidden costs (Battery, Compact flash, Software)
Battery life is terrible, 8mb memory card included
Illegal Bait and Switch Sales Practices by CAMERA SOUND, COMPDIRECT, CAMERA ZONE and DISCOVERY CAMERA
Slow shutter, slow loud autofocus, movies don't have sound, expensive
Battery life. No Case. Look over the LCD before buying. Only 8MB compact flash card.
Small viewfinder, hard to focus.
Only 16 MB C&amp;#238;mpactFlash, 2CR5 - poor battery life (need rechargable battery)
Does not come w/ charger and rechargeable batteries, only 8MB CF card.
uphill learning curve, for an old SLR guy
difficult to take steady shots without tripod, too much LCD glare
Battery Life, Software.
None
Very red backgrounds indoors, poor customer service
RED color - battery life terrible and adaptor/recharger is extra
Wide angle not wide enough, no external flash, 16MB memory not enough, battery life. 
No sound in movie mode, color tends to red in low light
somewhat complicated in manual mode, short flash range, relatively short battery life
battery life, LEMON-PRONE, bad customer service.
buttons fragile, short battery life, no extras, accessories hard to find
Limited accessories included, lens cap, too many menus, Quicktime, inconsistent fill flash, poor software
everything but size and user friendly
Haven't been able to find any yet.
reds are too bright
Zoom button is in an annoying place.
Color red looks poor, other modes are confusing to use, no real accessories included
Lens cap on string, red hues indoors, battery charger not included
Haven't found any yet!
short battery life
time lapse between pictures is very slow;carrying case is not part of purchase package; 
lens cap attached by string; easy to knock off accidentally leaving lens unprotected
Too much of a reddish cast given to most indoor pictures.
no external flash hook up
bad repair experience, LEMON, short battery life, lens cap falls off, REDS hot.
Slow start-up/cycle times, rechargeable battery/charger not included&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Removable Lens Cap, Lack of software
somewhat small, odd shape to handle
Reds far too red, lens cap on a string, slow 'processing' speeds
Highlights red hues in low-light situations, similar cons shared by most digital cameras.
Size, thick. Bad reproduction of actual colors! Lag time, press button, and wait. PC software.
Poor build, unreliable, lack of support from Nikon, menu system, dim lcd, viewfinder
2-megapixel, no Windows XP support, short battery-life, pokey connection, 8MB-CompactFlash, no image-editing software, no motion-capture.
Controls, swivel lens can be either useful or obnoxious, can be hard on batteries
Flimsy CF card cover.  Only 3x optical zoom.  Included 8 megabyte card is worthless.
bad software
redeye on indoor children shots, can't download photos to a serial port, poor tech support
Pricey, Frequent Red-eye, Serial image transfer is slow, Awkward Software, Camera always zooms in by default
pricey
steep learning curve, no USB transfer
batteries don't last long
poor printed documentation
no recharge-able battery
Depletes batteries quickly.
Cost, lacks direct USB connectivity
Uses up the batteries quickly
Initial outlay can be expensive compared to 35MM, Quality isn't as good as 35MM on enlagements, especially more than 8x10
power-up defaults
Lens cap is not attached to the camera in any way.  It eats batteries.
No USB connectivity - camera discontinued
flash
Serial Connection
Serial Port Connection, Rapid Battery Drain (due to brilliant LCD), small 8MB card included
Eats batteries, slow image download.
Memory card supplied is too small
Plastic body, bad flash photography,
Power hungry. Sometimes difficult to focus (auto) Lots of red eyes!
Poor screen visibility in sunlight, weird problem when changing modes, some difficulty in using advanced settings
Minor software glitches
Expensive, LCD not usable in sunlight
A few minor glitches
Pricey.
red eye, weak flash, too little memory to start
Poor documentation and support
no USB, flash quality/red eye
lens cap, documentation
Optical view finder does not cover digital zoom. You either guess at the framing or use the LCD which is tough to see in bright daylight.
no USB port (only serial) for downloads
Delayed Shutter Response
the turbo lag between pressing the shutter release button and the shutter release.
learning curve, battery eater
Incompatibility with Windows NT
Hard to get, high priced, average LCD brightness, poor CF door design.
Software o bit clunky. Lack of complete paper users manual
too big and heavy
red eye with flash
price + upgrades
Slow transfers with serial connection
limited photographic composition 
- Price tag ($800 - $900)  - Expense of virtually indispensable accessories
poor documentation, battery cover, tripod mount design
price
Need to use manual mode to get best shots, the manual is inadequate, included serial cable is very slow to transfer large images, battery life very short (Note: With the exception of the manual, these are likely cons of all cameras)
Haven't found one yet!
BIG
LCD hard to see in the sun, bad red eye
Lousy service.
tripod mount placement, red-eye, focusing
shutter delay, no USB connector
battery killer!!!!!
The extensive array of dials and buttons can be confusing; image quality isn't top dog
DIFFICULTY IN PROGRAMMABLE MODE, LIFE OF BATTERIES
eats batteries fast
tough to catch candid shots due to delay 
poor instructions in booklet
See review
Unstable firmware, parks in tele mode
EATS batteries. No built in USB.
none at this time
Manual was on CD so I didn't find it for a long time.
None that I know
Battery system, Slow download
Weak Flash, Eats Batteries (get NiMh rechargables)
High price, serial port to download, power usage
price
Crummy viewfinder; Dim LCD; terrible low-light performance
Cheezy tripod socket, some production problems
not real sturdy, lots of features to learn with poor explanations
Very sensitive equipment...breaks down on medium to rough handling
severe redeye, design flaws
No built-in USB connection, Zoom lens has a mind of its own, Flimsy CF slot cover
High price
not appropriate for action or macro photography
Zooms in when you turn the camera on,  uses batteries rapidly,  
No paper manual for reference
camera gets into its own way
Not very good action shots
It doesn't work anymore.  Tech support people are frustrating.
limited manual modes, eats batteries (don't they all?)
slow transfer speed with the given serial cable
Eats batteries, difficult to download pictures
poor red eye reduction, short battery life, download problems
viewfinder, red eyes
problems with red-eye
Bit pricey
Tripod screw in wrong place, compact flash door stays open, menu hard to read some times
Documentation on CDROM, serial port, useless for action photography, high battery drain.
Unusual shape, Serial connection is slow
Several design flaws; horrible product support
Learning curve is pretty steep.   It eats batteries for breakfast.
Viewfinder.
Takes a long time to download pics, battery hog
LCD gets dirty when you use viewfinder,battery level indicator,Lens cap easy to lose
Battery life
Short battery life, red-eye reduction not very good.
red eye with built in flash
Bad red-eye, high battery drain, no lens cap holder.  8MB card is small.
Price, software, no usb
The directions were incomplete.  Camera shuts off too soon to save the batteries.
Brightness varies too much on LCD, video out, and computer
doesn't do action photography easily, high battery drain
Flimsy CF card and battery doors, serial interface.  Somewhat fragile.
Slow startup, red eyes, poor low light focus.
Battery life, Hard to see the monitor outside in sunlight
Eats batteries.
Flash Red-eye is a pain. I try never to use the flash. Low battery life
crummy case supplied by Nikon, no viewvfinder-lcd
Availability of Acessories
Price, supplied CompactFlash card is small
Too big in size, awkward swivel lens
expensive
Slow download without separate drive
Pricey
Complicated hidden menu options, poor focus lock shutter sensitivity
size, design and usability can be beat. Ridiculously expensive accessories.
does great video without sound though
Battery Life, Software, User Interface, No charger
red-eye, poor flash range, hard to focus in low light
Must have original software CD, AC power in front, limited movie &amp; no sound.
not for novices
expensive
Battery usage, slow to charge
Batteries drain too quickly, Included Software Sucks
Relatively weak built-in flash, carrying case not included
Eats batteries
Big, can feel lens motor running
None!
Limited zoom range, limited to 400ISO, not constant aperture zoom.
expensive
poor battery life, prone to redeye when using flash
Don't lose the manual, you WILL need a larger memory card and rechargable batteries
Outrageously bad telephone support.
Expect to spend some time if you want to learn it all.
Expensive
Short battery life, and it's not an SLR.
Should have come with NimH batteries
size
Frustrating to work with for advanced photography.
Complexity, the manual, no type 2 memory slot and included software
Built in flash is weak (like all point and shoot cameras)
AF slow, loud, battery life is so-so
See Writeup
Pricey, needs bigger memory card, eats batteries
Small Zoom, Poor Light Collection, Short Battery Life, Type 1 CF Slot
price, taking a laptop or buying a digital wallet
Battery life and Red-eye
Low Battery Life (turn the screen off when ever not in use to conserve battery life)
expensive, overkill for most web uses
 no through the lens viewing at eye piece
none
Expect to buy more Compact Flash storage media cards!!
is a bit expensive
Requires thorough understanding of photography
See above
stuff
A few Minor  Compatibility Concerns
reliability
Batteries bad
 
no sound on video capture... small memory card
Dirty optical view finder, poor battery life
some purple fringing, battery hog
eats batteries, flash too bright for close-ups, it's expensive!
Battery life
eats batteries, cumbersome menu, a few niggling concerns.
red eye with built in flash 
Unbearable red-eyes and broken zoom in first month
Inadequate flash/red-eye, power consumption, relatively high price, slow response time
eats batteries alive
Mechanically sounds a bit rough when focusing
Noisy lens, alot to learn (numerous functions)
Focus sometimes hunts in dim light conditions
Features galore, hard to use, heavy, very pricey
Noisy, lots to learn once you're brave enough to take it off auto
Pricey
Still not adequate for action or candid photography.
optical viewfinder can sometimes be misleading
Steep learning curve in Manual mode
Relatively high battery power consumption and shutter release delay
Menues, menues, menues
Software can be picky if other cameras are installed
Still weak in low-light situations, even worse than the 950.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
camera can be a power hog
SLOW! Unresponsive and fiddly to use, red-eye, picture geometry problems
poor low light conditions, adequate speed
Bulky!!
Slow at times, Steep learning curve
The quality of bright colors is extremely poor.
Nikon won't repair it
Slow, clunky, confusing
Varying lag times between time shutter button is dressed and the picture actually is recorded
A bit noisy, Nikon should have built it around a 4 megapixel CCD.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Blotchy colors, super grainy above 100ISO, grinding lens, slow
The manual is complicated, plan on doing a lot of reading for full use.
No twain
Lots of things to figure out if you want to get past the basics.
None significant, except that they're not free...
Expensive, large, only 6 shot buffer, no IEEE-1394, changes lens focal length to 1.5X
Cons: see &amp;#147;a few concerns&amp;#148; below&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Few image stabilizing lenses available
NC 3 software,camera underexposes
Not for casual users, Pictures need post-processing, price, Nikon Capture 3 costs extra.
Doesn't come with a lens, or any compact flash. Demo software 30 day trial. 
Software, Support
The camera quits after too few photos;  must then wait.
user interface can be hard to learn. Heavy. USB interface. SLOW compressed NEF
Not quite as sharp
Only 2 frames per second motor drive.
Haven't found any
Jpeg quality, must use Capture3 software to work with RAW files, C3 is unacceptable.
N80 body, USB, 
sharpness, write time
A wide angle lens is too expensive and is badly needed.
Cost&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Cost (But still worth it)
Expensive
Dirt builds up on sensor, image buffer too small.
It's heavy, and the software that ships with the camera sucks.
Weight
none noted
High price
Need at  least $5500 to get started
first-generation bugs, expensive
price
Expensive, heavy
color can be tricky to get right on
Price Range - Availability of Acessories
You have to know what you are doing to use it.
The Cost $$$$$$$
Micro drives and batteries need work.  Requires Nikon DX model flash for consistency.
bad paper feeding
not good printing
Not for images.
Problems are soon to come.
bed
printing could slow down your computer, hard to clear paper jams
mechanical parts
No cable, print quality.
Can be complicated to find some functions. 16M xD card is too small.
Video does not have sound
Uses batteries fast(no surprise!), Olympus customer service stinks!
Cost of accessories, no hot shoe
shutter lag time, uses XD cards
Difficulty taking low light shots, video quality poor and no sound
Shutter lag, size
No image stabilization, 
difficult to use
Menus a little confusing.
Flash recharges slowly with NiMH. Small 8MB card.
Not "automatic" in downloading to PC; support only via phone not e-mail
menu driven
battery life is horrible
Batteries Die Instantly Upon Use!
plastic, alkaline battery life
no optical zoom, small life
Need an optical zoom
smallish LCD screen, small SmartMedia card included, low battery life
None really other than the 8M Smartmedia card shipped with camera a little small.
One day,  D:1E10 appeared in screen and the camera did not work after that.  
Same limitations as any other point and shoot camera.  Need to buy bigger memory card.
None
No optical zoom
Lack of zoom
When using monitor battery lasts very short
No optical zoom, drains batteries too quick
Battery Life is the pits!
So light it feels a little flimsy; LCD could be larger (only 1.5")
Have to close the camera to view pictures on the screen
not standards-compliant, awkward lens cover
Don't like how slow it retracts!
No A/C adapter included
Not as versatile as the very expensive digital cameras.
1.3 Megapixle.  Open close mechanisim for sometimes pinches lense barrel.
none
I am staying up nights, trying to think of some cons, but no luck yet.
Doesn't work too well with low lighting.
power button placement, lens cap not attached
minor.
Awkward battery compartment, bad placement of power button
high price
some faults with the it's design
The camera was built somewhat off so the power button is very close to the shutter which might make you turn the camera off when taking a picture. Also, the batteries drain quick but since they are just four AA batteries, it made no difference to me
battery eater, power button placement, parallel cable means slow downloads
power button placement, other than that, nothing!
LCD difficult to use in sunlight, confusing interface, sucks batteries dry very quickly, minor design flaws
Bad lens cap, hard to switch between flash modes, expensive
Low light quality (grainy), poor alkaline battery life (use NiMH), Poor power button location, only 8MB, no USB
Size, software
not much memory to keep the shots, small LCD preview screen
slow download time
Battery hungry with lcd on, advanced features take some learning
High price
no battery charger, uses battery power quickly, bright flash with no ability to bounce
The 2020 cost just a little more and offers more features.
Confusing controls.
Olympus customer service, camera reset &amp;quot;feature&amp;quot;, no easy way to clean SmartMedia contacts
Can't think of any
Some ergonomic problems
Nothing major, except perhaps recovery time
Power button location.
THERE ARE NO CONS ABOUT THIS CAMERA AND I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TO EVERYBODY
power button and shutter release button too close together
interface seems a little buggy
compact size sometimes a problem, can have battery door problems
Lens cap, bad power button placement, bad selection button placement, durability
Washed out photos.  White balance issues.  Lack of color saturation.
lens cap, battery life, a little big
Lens cap not attached, minor design flaws. Not good for impromptu shots.
No camera case?
not so user-friendly for the casual photo-snapper
No USB connection, no sound
IT'S DEAF!!!!
haven't taken the time to figure out the remote
No USB, noisy motor
Zoom control
none
Lens cap comes off too easy.  Easily lost
Not very sturdy, fairly lame software
When it stops working, Olympus repair policy is evil.
Complicated settings and long downloads
No lens cap leash
Poor Owners Manuel
retracting lens, unattached lens cap, no sound
Complicated. Too small?
A little too small for a big man's hands, No sound recording.
none
THERE ARE NO CONS ABOUT THIS PRODUCT. IT IS JUST A GREAT CAMERA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
smallish size
(minor) no attachment for lens cap
None
not compatible with iMac
menu is a bit intense with options
Should include USB connection
None
the strap was a pain to put on.
Lens cap, thats it!
no usb, no sound with movies
poor accessories
Lousy instruction manual, that stupid lens-cap, poor small display Icons.
Remember the lens cap
does not handle low light and distance very well
Macro abilities could be better
Below average image editing software. 
flimsy lens cap, software difficulties
Not particularly user-friendly
Good things cost money
accessories not included, occasional lag time
For more convenience a larger card should be bought, the LCD screen drains the battery quickly
A little bulky
8&amp;quot; macro focusing distance
No USB, flimsy exposed lens barrel, bad software, lack of ergonmic thinking, design thinking in spots
Minor design flaws
cheesy lenscap
fragile lens
Lens cover/spring works funny
remember to take lens cap off before shooting
Electronic zoom
Paid so much I'm afraid to take it places
No USB connectivity
Serial port, no case, lens cap not attached to body
expensive
sometimes difficult to operate complicated tasks
Not many from what I can see.
None too mentionable
Little too big for pocket; not cheap.
Lens cap lost easily; no USB; wide optical viewfinder 
doesn't allow double exposure
Some small annoyances, a bit outdated
No direct link to Macintosh. You need to buy a USB reader writer.
Uses slightly-slower Smartmedia memory
Confusing Menus
The directions for downloading pictures are wrong.. causing slight frustration
Fiddly menus
Cluttered interface, Bigger than the Canon S110
Downloading to computer is a little tricky!!
Settings are a bit confusing at first; must buy some accessories.
Lens cap
Menus could be a little more intuitive
Inaccurate viewfinder, slightly slow
Memory cards with which last about 4 years.
dedicated case can not contain camera + filter (which requires an adapter).
Software included with camera not too great.
Viewfinder not very accurate, LCD display hard to see in high sunlight conditions
The lens cap setup could be better
None significant
bulk and heavy
EVF hard to see through in dim light.
Pano loss when SMcard formatted with card readers, Insufficient included SMcard, Wasn't free.
Resolution only 2.1mp, Expensive for 2.1mp camera, only 8mb card
Very noisy at ISO 400, purple edges at full telephoto, not much more...
Rumor has it Olympus has stopped manufacturing it
Includes only 8Mb card. Too many features.
None . 
plastic body, 8 meg media card
big
Auto white balance is off much of the time when shooting indoors.  Lame software program.
8MB memory too small and lens cap strap wasn't include
High battery consumption.
A few minor tradeoffs
none
Large, heavy, Long restart from Suspend
Dust in the viewfinder, rubber hand grip stretches &amp; becomes unglued
Only uses Smart Media and this Camera model is getting hard to find.
Half-second shutter lag, but apparently almost EVERY digital camera has this.
"Only" 2.1 megapixel, electronic viewfinder, not small
short battery life-have solution, external battery pack
Got big hands?
A bit pricey
Few.  Lacks decent battery indicator.
Might be a little complicated for the beginner, can eat batteries.
Heavy, bulky
Placement of a couple knobs could be better.
Pretty bulky if you want a travel camera
Lower resolution than competitors, not as fast as competitors
None that I've found
The price:  $999,  Also, it comes with PhotoDeluxe, not PhotoShop.
Bluish cast to some pictures
"Only" 2.1 MP, larger and heavier than most digital cameras
low MP at only 2.1 the viewfinder to small
Not a beginner's camera
Not small compared to other cams.  Hard to find.
Over priced, HUGE camera, heavy, film is expensive, battery life 
Gobbles up batteries like nothing you ever saw, but what digital doesn't?
Gobbles up batteries like nothing you ever saw, but what digital doesn't? 
It goes through batteries to quickly. 
No optical viewfinder.  A bit bulky. 
Heavy weight,power killer,no viewfinder
nothing
You may need an exorcist.
Bigger and heavier than other digital cameras.
Bulky and sometimes awkward to carry
Bulky , printing quality is very good but Polaroid 500 photos are small size.
Batteries Tend to Go Dead Fast, Memory Card Reader may Be Needed. Kind of Heavy.
Larger than expected
Can I borrow $800, maybe I'll come up with more
Bulky, print quality is average
Big, sometimes heavy, battery eater, quicktime video clips with no sound...
Rather large, expensive polaroid film
A bit big, off position doesn't lock to prevent battery usage, small picture printed (2X3)
None, other than size of camera.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Overkill for the beginner.  Memory and batteries a must.
Noise sometimes visible, No USB connection, no "real focus ring"
AC adapter extra, serial cable not USB, only 4 F-stop settings:  F2.8, F3.9, F5.6, F7.8
No USB port, lightweight construction
not enough zoom, pricey
Very slow snap-shooting response - has no case, lens cap can easily be lost
A bit larger than the non-SLRs, some bugs in handling the 32MB Smartmedia card
no case included, a little pricey but worth it
Quirky preview image quality, limited aperture control
Price
price is high
Uses a lot of battery power.
Poor manual controls unsuitable for pros
Manual focus requires button pushing
None
Can't frame pictures through the LCD screen, only two aperture settings, only 3x zoom
Have not found one yet
price tag
only 2 aperture settings, pricey, no USB
Limited zoom, has a learning curve
battery drain, need to package with bigger capacity memory cards
Can't switch lenses, limited aperture settings (2!)
Lens cap not attached.
A little difficult to learn.
Lens cap design, too complex for the casual user
Not compact size, attaching add-on lenses is a hassle
Battery life, Must read manual, Must remove lens cap, Small 8MB memory card.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;      supplied
Memory card needs to be at least 64MB to have a lengthy shooting session
3 megapixels still won't make a great 8x10, despite the hype
Menus are confusing at first
Only comes with 8 MB memory card
optical viewfinder doesn't match up to the picture
Poor software. Flimsy Design. Be prepared to spend money on accessories that should be included.
Minor complaints regarding interface, on/off feature, aperture, sound, viewfinder
Should come with a larger memory card. 
Slow to pull up pictures that have already been taken
Flawed lens cap design, poor viewfinder, skimpy memory card, no AC adapter, no rechargeable batteries.
Requires time to learn using all the functions
no mode settings (sports, night, portrait) shots. Lens cap...easy to lose.
Lens Cap needs a strap (already lost mine), Need a lot of accessories
Battery life, slightly bulky
Manual a little overwhelming at first, Smart media disk is only 8MB.
You're going to need more SmartMedia than the supplied 8mb.
NONE
Not for you if you have 5 or 6 megapixel envy!
Lens cap could be lost.
Old model can easily be surpassed by newer, better and cheaper ones.
Camera locks up when writing to media. Camera operation not user-friendly.  
Funky Windows Software, small memory card, lens cap 
factory refurbished did not come with lens cap
Large pictures take up more room on the smart card
Too many menus, Button to view last shot taken
Menus sometimes a little fiddly.
Uses batteries quickly, easy to lose lens cap, software is lacking.
Pricey $850, uses a lot of power.
user interface is not user friendly
no lens strap, supplied Smartmedia card
USB only
Pricey and should come with more memory cards and an AC adaptor for the money.
Lens cap annoyances. Few extras included.
Inaccurate viewfinder, "dark" photos, image distortion/vignetting at wide angle, silly panorama mode, unreliable card
When turning it on you have to wait for the lens to come out!
Price and lens cap cover not attached to the camera.
expensive
poorly written manual, doesn't include rechargeable batteries
bad optical view finder, no rechargeable batteries
Lens cap can be bothersome
lens cap and required extra purchases
memory card not enough space, flimsy lens cap, crashes at higher resolutions, customer service 
flimsy lens cap,delivered with small memory card
f2.8 lens, Olympus should'va kept the f2 lens
Pricey!  Camera should come with more than a 8MB memory card.  AC adapter NOT included.
Can lose the lens cap!
Comes with a small memory card.
Only comes with 8 MB flash memory card
Focus could use a little work, and the loose lens cap is very annoying.  Some third-party compatibility would have been swell, too
You have to remove the lens cap before you turn it on
Low light picture quality poor, lens cap needs a retainer or a strap.
Takes awhile to learn all options, slower burst rate than 3030 but who needs faster?
INCONVENIENT LENS CAP/HARD TO FOLLOW MENUS
Small memory card, no rechargeable batteries included, movie mode need a lot of light
Small memory card, needs rechargeable batteries and charger, lens cap easily lost, Viewfinder is off.
PRICE!!!
none
8MB card, Not rechargeable
Viewfinder only shows 80 per cent of the picture area 
Eats batteries, but one can easily determine ways to save on energy drain.
flash is weak, eats batteries
SmartMedia card is not large enough!
Average macro mode and slow start-up 
Pricier than other options
16mb card is to small, and the digital zoom gets fuzzy when printed out.
Menu can be confusing, Lens cap 
Slightly clumsy
Slow to start, 3X optical zoom a little slow
Short battery life.
Terrible battery life, no sound on movies, bulky
Lens cap isn't so stable. Try not to drop it!!
View finder does not "frame" same size as CCD display.
Slow to open and close
None so far
battery life, case, no movie sound
Somewhat slow auto-focusing and recharge times
Inferior optical quality, rather cumbersome to use, 
Lens cap design is poor, complicated menus.
Lens cover is not attached
Hard to use rocker switch.  Badly designed lens cap.
macro mode is ZERO!!!
Macro Mode, Detachable Lens Cap
Lens cover not attached by a cord, so could be easily lost.
Batteries don't last long, have to reset it when I turn the camera on
none
Color rendition not always accurate, lens cap, slow auto focus, rechargeable battery not included.
Poorly placed flash, no hotshoe and long photo lag
Hard to give back to the salesperson after you play with it.
Olympus' "stinginess" in included extras, included manual not up to expectations
Learning curve for features---Macro feature is poor--lag in shutter 
Macro mode is rather unimpressive.
Lens cap, price
Flimsy ... looks like a prize out of a Cracker jack box
Cost and complexity of instruction book.
Macro mode rather unimpressive.
none of significance
no firewire port, no photoshop plug in, poor download software
Poor user interface, macro mode isn't all that &amp;quot;macro&amp;quot;
Poor interface
Grinding lens mechanism, lens cap,  menu system a little cryptic
Pricey, but coming down
Pricey, Poor Manual and Poorly Designed Lens Cap
no
still expensive
Small size for big hands
poor mechanical design
No case or lenscap teather.
limited to existing lens
Steep learning curve
Price
can be intimidating
The longer you wait to buy, the more you'll get for your money.
Can't think of one yet!
overexposes on auto settings, doesn&amp;#146;t ship with rechargeable batteries/charger, slow RAW/TIFF mode&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Remember to take lens cap off. Use of menus versus controls.
Slow response time, slight over-exposure, no charger or power adapter included.
none
lens cap design, slight overexposure, size a little big 
Small memory card, lens cap interference.
Average battery life, a bit bulky, comes with small memory card, expensive accessories
Size, battery is an extra
overflash problem indoors
accepts only sm cards
The camera itself is fairly low quality and breaks too often.
Poor documentation on downloading pics to computer, some quirky features
Sometimes overexposes on auto settings. Software bundle outdated.
Pricey (but worth it)
Expensive. Bad software.
No rechargeable batteries&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Two &amp;#145;hot pixels&amp;#146; in my night time shots&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Lens cap&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Lens cap tends to pop off too easily.
External flash provisions not good.
sometimes tends to overexpose, price
Cost
rechargeables not supplied, viewfinder, no NTSC/PAL switching, flash exposure, manual focus
flash is blocked slightly with add on lenses 
Filters unavailable (to my knowledge)
8 MB Storage card supplied with camera is woefully inadequate
At this price, none  , 
battery
Small storage card, battery life.
No notification that lens cap is still on 
Some barrel distortion in images; lacks an auto focus illuminator; no sound capture
Frontal direct flash, quick battery drainage
There are so many things you can do with this camera, try finding the time.
wish it had higher optical zoom
Slightly Heavy.  Not as cool looking as other cameras.
Viewfinder too small, occasional overexposure occurs
No Remote Control, Not as durable as the 3000 Zoom
None
Size of pictures and erase features are not what I would like.
Flash is not centered over lense.. will generate some red-eye
Depends on what you'll use it for
None as far as I can tell
Somewhat of an effort to learn finer features.  
None.
Bundled storage card is too insubstantial. No voice with Movie recording. Manual lacks quality content.
i found the price to be a little high 
It creates bad results in bumpy roads. 
Kind of heavy but not too bad. Image quality is good except for its tint.
SM card has just 128M maximum.
Default f-stop setting
Smartmedia Memory Card, Somewhat akward (until you learn it) menu system
None yet
Not so good for sports--optical zoom is too small.
Complicated for an amateur-Horrible customer support/warranty help 
Battery life &amp; no camera bag. For the, price larger smart media card.
User manual,software kind of plain.
Holds funny in hands
Maximum smart media capacity is only 128 mb
Takes a while to get used to it.
A little too big
Keeps reverting to default picture mode (HQ) each time cameram is turned off.
View finder cuts off edges... and that's about it!
Expensive...
Hard to review picture with LCD in bright light. 
no rechargeable batteries and 16MB card
No rechargeable batteries &amp; the SmartMedia card is too small!
No NiMH batteries, charger or case included w/ camera 
Weird external flash out, options in menus are layers deep
lack of essential accessories, 3x zoom 
A bit bulky for my taste.  smartmedia (limit to 128Meg as of now).
Incapable of color balancing properly in low light
Wish it shipped with rechargeable batteries.
Lens cap can jam lens extension when turned on
battery life, lcd gets hot, dead pixels - all easily remedied
Battery life could be longer (use rechargeables); 128 memory card=120 photos!
Included memory card too small, poor user manual
3x zoom. Flash is overwhelming at times.
No rechargeable batteries supplied, slow power up.
Lens cap alarm is annoying, but really works. Red-eye shooting people in dark settings.
Lens cap. Lens cap. Lens cap
Sometimes funky focusing issue. Learning curve
Highlights "burn out" in bright sunshine.
Grainy pictures, No Audio, Too much redness
Price
None 
low light focus, red-eye, non-standard battery
no protective cover on LCD,questionable low-light capabilities,many settings
price, uses new xD picture card
Camera is small and must be held steady when shooting photo.
same problems as the D-360L, too many options &amp; grainy low light photos
Complex at times; no audio
no scratch guard for LCD, software is horrible
PRODUCT WARRATEE IS FAKE, high price, questionable quality of camera components
Erratic menu operation, Warranty service
No LCD screen cover, no AF assist light, 
Terrible resolution!
Pricey
macro mode is pretty naff, distortion on the extremes of the zoom
Programing set up
Can't charge battery in camera
LCD screen does not fold all the way out.
tiny, cheap viewfinder; clunky software with no Adobe PS plugin for raw files
Nothing significant
microphone not too good
None, compared to other cameras in its class, but viewfinder could be better.
Voice out of sinc with video, Max 400iso, Slow to take picture,Lenscap
Complicated for Beginners..
Power switch is easy to bump to the on position
Time taken between pics
Has an annoying habit of showing "card door open" error. 
Nothing to write here.
Not credible in point and shoot mode, requires lots of fiddling for best results.
Expensive and can get a bit complicated if you are fairly new shooter.
zoom lens, ackward lens cap
None
Product instruction manual almost insulting for a camera of this quality.
CF cards are expensive and some dont work at all
Not really a con, but I learn something new about it everyday
Shutter lag, especially with flash. View finder.
LCD could be larger / more neg. tilt, Only 3x optical, camera resets to factory.
weight is a problem,heavier than others
Compact Flash issues and action limitations.
Flash is too bright on auto setting, but can be adjusted. 
Has no low / middle battery indicator.
Need good light for proper exposure 
none really
LCD Monitor could be a tad better
Viewfinder could be a bit larger. Printed manual could be more comprehensive.
Annoying shutter lag, , Parallax error in close shots, , Requires lens cap, 
picture quality (if you don't read my review)
can't use nikon flash, battery door a little weak.
Stupid lens cap/power on problem, LCD should swivel as well as tilt.
A little bigger than some people might like.
Menu is a little complex and is to big to fit in your pocket.
a bit clunky to carry around
My #1 con is the viewfinder parallax when zooming.
Some chromatic aberration
Comes with rather small memory card, no rechargeable batteries, and no memory card reader.
None!
None!
you &lt;/b&gt;must &lt;/b&gt; buy more memory. More bulky than some cool Nikons/ Canons
Red-eye with built-in flash (as with all compact cameras)
Image distortions
purple fringe, must stay still for clear pix
Small memory card, no rechargeable batteries
s/w crashed WIN98 system, bulky compared to other models.  No A/C charger, small 8MB card.
Lack of durability of case finish
Haven't come across any yet.
Unthreaded lens, difficult to use full zoom without tripod.
No IS and purple fringe in a few pics
Heavy, 8 mb memory
battery life
No rechargeable battery, small LCD
A few quirky defaults in the programming, lense cap, not pocket-sized.
bulky, small memory card, succeptable to shake, heavy chromatic abberration,
No A/C adapter, no "Steady-Shot" feature
Battery consumption
No stabilization, Eats batteries, Small included card, No focus assist
Wish it was 3.3 megapixels , some noise in low light situations.
Better-than-beginner photographers will need a better-than-this camera!
no manual zoom, very functional but needs some getting used to, a little pricey
Touchy, slow focus, no a/c adapter, no movie sound, no autofocus
Didn't work well for taking pictures of my wiggly baby. Confusing to use at first.
Technical problems from the start
Average shutter lag and minor image noise, , 
digital zoom is worthless (surprise!)
1) Close Up Focusing 
SLOW SHUTTER, blurry pictures, no ability to capture moving shots.
The shutter lag is too long.  LCD display is misleading.
Pictures not the sharpest. Movie mode just OK. Lens rattles when shaken.
Slow focus, poor focus doesn't match resolution, lens hood in the way.
moving photos are harder to take, no manual focus
Terrible auto-focus; Red-eye problems 
None
Significant noise in indoor shots when using factory settings, poor printed manual. 
Silly non-rechargeable batteries included. Included case doesn't fit the camera
No image stabilization, shutter/AF lag, 
Complicated menu
Some complexity of menus/settings, need to stabilize for telephoto shots
Zoom is noisy and loose, Sucks the batteries., Pop up flash
Very long shutter lag, very long recovery from sleep mode
Software could be more user friendly.
A bit pricey
No re-chargable batteries or charger supplied in Australia., Only a 16mb card supplied 
You need to devote time to learn to use it--but do.
Thick, Battery, digital viewfinder. 
Hard to see subject in viewfinder at low light with FL20
The memory card is too small and no rechargeable batteries!
No image stabilization, the C730 could use both SM and xD cards, 
Instruction manual of 271 pages is difficult to read on PDF included with software.
Navigation of setting. Can be confusing at first.
Lens cap loose, requires lens extension for add ons, view finder poor at night 
Long lag between button pushed and picture taken. Expensive. Expensive and limited XD media
Noisy and slow zoom, pricey
Short battery life, small storage
No USB port, no included Smartcard reader.
No AC adapter included
No optical zoom
Battery life, no zoom, quirky menu system
Not immediately Mac compatible, no optical zoom, eats up batteries, buttons are hard to push
Camedia software not all it could be.
Battery life, takes a second to close because of the zoom lense.
no usb out of the box 
Poor software.  Toss it.
Don't lose the sw cd
It only has a 2x optical zoom and eats batteries when using LCD monitor
Delay from when you click to take the picture and when it actually takes
Only comes with an 8mb card.
no usb connector, only 1.3 megapixel
outlet door where accessories plug in is very fragile
Battery life, no zoom option
Pictures of Red Glass do not show well at all.
No optical zoom, battery life, poor picture quality, slow transfer
It died! Help!
no ac adaptor, uses batteries quickly
Slow processing speeds, poor battery capacity
None -- it's better than it should be.
No U.S.B. cable; Flimsy front lens cover
sucks up batteries like there is no tomorrow, images can be a bit grainy
Icon interface takes some getting used to.
can't find any yet!
NO OPTICAL ZOOM LENS
SLOW shutter speed and no zoom. 
no real zoomability, and costly memory cards
Zoom feature
none that i can think of so far.........
batteries, 8 MB memory
It doesn't come with a camera case!
amount of pictures you can shoot
Uses batteries
Cumbersome menu; washed-out LCD; tech support
Telephoto limited to 2x, cannot add lens
Needs Sandisk imagewriter
None
Batteries don't last as long as I would like.
none
You'll want to pick up an accessory to transfer photo images faster.
adjusting to no film processing?
No AC adapter included
none yet
none
Finger can be placed to close to the lens
Eats Batteries if you use the rear viewer a lot.
Uses alot of batteries
battery life
Smartmedia memory. digital zoom
NONE
no optical lens
Must purchase floppy adapter at the very least for any kind of speed in transfer from SmartCard to computer.
eats batteries
No zoom
cheezy little plug hatch door. Gotta be careful with it
You have shut off the camera in order to view and or delete photos.
No optical zoom, slow shutter speed, short battery life, USB would be nice
my finger gets in the pic frame, no carry bag
no zoom, lag
none to complain of !
uses a lot of batteries, menu confusing at first
No zoom, terrible UI, terrible software
Lack of AC adapter
Short Battery LIfe
Get an AC Adapter or get a USB Smartmedia Reader
Bad performance on contrast
none so far
Software could have more features.  No AC Power Cord.
None to speak of
small memory card comes with it, sucks batteries
cheap looking, short battery life
no optical zoom, only 8 MB standard, no USB
Manual instructions need time to read, eats batteries
weak zoom
Battery drains
eats batteries
Recessed buttons are tricky to use
Must keep batteries on hand
software could be improved
battery life
None that I know of
keep plenty of batteries around
good-bye photo albums, hello computer albums!
Poor zoom picture quality
indoor shots grainy on screen, flash defaults to &amp;quot;on&amp;quot; 
Battery dies fast
compressed thumb nail pictures
no optical zoom
Warranty turnaround time
Battery life
No zoom
It does not have a zoom lens
did not come with a/c adaptor
not as advanced as some
zoom, sm card, 
Downloading Time
None
Ease of use
slow serial connection
Panaramic Only Works On Factory Digital Film.
Battery life, serial connection
No built in zoom
No Zoom
no zoom
Battery Life
Weak zoom, battery
Batteries die fast
Only ni-MH batteries last, kinda slow parallel port transfer
not fancy, dark pictures in overcast weather
Eats batteries
None
No Zoom, Software Stinks, Picture Transfer is S-L-O-W
You won't get to collect those nice little cans that 35mm film came in.
people blurry, no zoom, awkward menu functions, slow download and processing between photos, bad software
No optical zoom / consumes batteries fast
Uses batteries quickly
No real zoom
battery useage and download times
Bad Camedia software, slow interface, eats batteries
Hard to change resolution.
Low battery life, but still a good camera.
Short battery life when using LCD, no zoom
Megapixel&amp;#13;&amp;#10;memory&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Takes time to figure out
Clumsy controls, minimal memory, eats battery when connected to PC, slow recharge, no optical zoom
None really
does not ship with smartmedia card
Only 2 MB of internal memory, high amount of color noise on indoor shots.
Ferocious battery gobbler, A/C adapter is extra cost, skimpy documentation. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
No (non-digital) zoom, eats batteries, poor software, variable performance in some lighting conditions
hidden costs - buy rechargable batteries and a smart card
movies need lots of light
No optical zoom
No TV hookups! No Rechargeable Batteries included!
Software is not compatible with Windows 98SE upgrade.
zoom function severly decreases pic quality
digital zoom, not optical. That's about it!
LCD screen eats batteries. Included memory card is small.
Default resolution is high (but can be changed before snapping the picture)
Poor quality when zooming more than 1.5x; battery life somewhat short.
Not mastered the zoom yet...oh ya..no video out...:(
Non-rechargeable batteries.
hard to delet pics
None yet
Lose a picture if battery is low;
Limited accessories, weak zoom, only 2.0 megapixels
Only 2.0 Megapixels
none
No optical zoom (digital zoom only), Smart media
no tv hookups and batteries don't last too long
low battery life, no optical zoom, digital zoom deteriorates picture quality
Poor battery life, bad quality photos when zooming.
Not a long battery life.
battery door pops open unexpectedly; camera explodes when dropped in ocean; Olympus repairs too expensive.
Non-rechargable batteries, Very short battery life, Memory card fairly small
Battery usage, photos cloudy on zoom
Fixed Focal Length
No rechargeable batteries included and the 16MB SmartMedia card is too small!
Cost, small included memory card
cannot use viewfinder when taking macro photos.
Included batteries, no protective case included
no case, drains batteries, no AC adapter
Pricey. Small (16mb) included media card.
Chromatic abberations, short zoom range, battery life
Weak flash with long recycle time
None
Could use a slightly faster lens (f 2.0), but not  absolutely necessary.
Price, limited optical zoom, slow shutter recycle rate.
Could only get the double-barrel L-ion batteries to work well, long shutter lag
Not great battery life, Cannot put any lenses on it
No rechargeables, only? 2.8x zoom
freaking batteries don't last very long. doesn't come with a case, or rechargeable batteries... 
Long learning curve for some; delicate mechanisms; no longer sold!
Need to figure out (on your own) some of the more detailed options available.
menu-intensive, but i think i've figured them out!
You have to turn the sound on separately, when you select movie.
SmartMedia Card, only 2.8 optical zoom, Short Battery Life, no accessories
Misaligned viewfinder, software doesn't "talk" to the camera
The icons on the camera are hard to read.
See review
Eats batteries like the famine is coming tomorrow, only 8mb card included, confusing menu system.
Manual on CD only, the sliding lense cover
None
Poor manual, Night pictures probably, Only 8 Mb memory card included
weak included software; not many add-ons
Quality Problems
Horrible manual, mediocre software
No manual focus, terrible documentation, on camera menus not user-friendly
Can&amp;#146;t delete more than 1 image at a time, tricky user interface
Essentially no significant cons.
No information LCD on the top, instruction manual on a CD, No rechargeable batteries/charger included.
Missing functions, cheapish appearance, severe quality problems
Must buy rechargeable batteries&amp;#13;&amp;#10;and larger smart media card - although still a great buy
Eats up batteries.
no (internal) rechargeable batteries, no date stamp on pic, exposed view screen
delayed shutter
No rechargeable batteries, small memory card, no top LCD
Weight with Rechargeable Batteries
Runs through batteries very fast, annoying delay in taking pictures
None that I can see.
Lack of features, and low res compared to some other models out there.
hard to hook up to your computer
Shutter cover/flash cumbersome.
Software is weak, menu systems need to be revised, no case
Eats through batteries, heavy
Tough on batteries
Only 8 mb Smart media card included 
Standard memory is low, full documentation only on CD-ROM
No digital info readout, some features buried in the menu
Instruction manual not on target for start up
Usually hard to operate because of the lens cap.
Bad on/off switch, Viewer is in bad place
None
Some blurry photos in motion and exposure is too dark when shadowed under sun
8 mb SmartMedia
Difficult to setup, short battery life, unreliable in electronic hardware
Doesn't work, 8MB SmartMedia card.
None.
Battery Life
Short delay in image capturing once you press the shoot button.  Drains batteries quickly.
only 2.1MP, no sound in vid clips, slightly annoying GUI
Slow Capture time! Slow flash recharge time, marginal software, and small viewer.
None
Flip up flash, picture review limitations
Larger than Canon S200
Does not do well with action shots, slow recovery to take next shot
delay between button pushed and photo taken, sometimes flash doesn't engage on auto-flash
slow shooting between flash shots; picky smartmedia card
Quick battery drain, long wait between flash shots, poor low-light capture
battery life, need to set date and time after putting in new batteries
Slow "film" speed, and the widest angle ain't wide enough
Settings are difficult to navigate, Computer software is weak
No rechargeable Batteries included, Fragile, large size makes it awkward.
Battery life. You will need to invest in rechargeable batteries.
awkward to close, requires setting adjustments EVERY time you turn it on, eats batteries
Slow Flash
Only comes with 16mb media, but can be expanded to 128.
Movie has no sound.
It does eat batteries but then they all do
Rather heavy and big
You need to buy rechargeable batteries.
Manual should be more detailed, battery life suspect, no ac adapter.
Sliding lens cover, cheap memory card cover.
White balance for rooms with warm lighting not very good, somewhat questionable build quality.
Slow in Higher Res. Modes, Not much room for creativity.
Takes a second or two for the picture to actually take.
Slow between photos, Not durable, Drains batteries quickly, bulky
Goofs up on lighting occasionally
Little slow in low light, lcd choppy in low light
big
This thing eats batteries.
No AF illumination beam, no manual exposure options, rechargeable batteries and charger not included 
The included strap is good only for the wrist.
Battery life, fixed lens
not easy to create depth of field effects with E10.  Limited zoom.  slow menus.
Doesnt come with rechargables.
Weak AF in low-light, AF will confirm though OOF, slow write small buffer
Features are not very easy to master.
Auto Focus can sometime be off, if not a well lit subject.
optional accessories are limited, weak, and very expensive..some features are hard to use
High price, quality does not match 35mm film yet.
Program mode is not shiftable.
short grip necessitates optional battery pack and extended grip for big hands. Exposed LCD.
None Noted
Fixed Zoom lens of questionable quality and sharpness
IBM Microdrive NOT recommended; somewhat dim viewfinder, 1 AF sensor, vertical grip could be better; more shadow noise than some other top-notch digicams
The price: 1,999, also the amount of photos it can hold (see below for details)
software
Expensive for weekend photographer, bad low light focus, ISO issues.
autofocus in dark situations is crap - can't reload batteries in camera
&amp;#13;&amp;#10;IBM Microdrive not supported, some stripes on LCD screen
Slow preview mode and start-up, substantial price
Hot pixel problem. Wandering auto-focus.
Only con I can think of is that is doesn't come with a carrying case.
Those damn bright lights next to the view finder. Blinding!
menu screen is hard to read, , macro setting is virtually useless
Sliding door opens too often in pocket
Takes too long to go into preview mode.  Broke on me after 3 weeks.
NONE
It doesn't have the capability to take as many pictures as you want.
USB 1.1 instead of USB 2, default shutter speed is slow without the flash.
No manual controls, no AF illumination beam, the full users Manual is on CD , 
picture quality, terrible flash, terrible user-interface!!
Can't take long movies
Not completely intuitive menu, no manual white balance
the cover for the plug ins was hard to open
Panorama-mode assistance is a joke
Shutter lag 
cannot do rapid fire pictures, shutter lag, overall price, limited avail of accessories
It broke after 1 month.  Blurred pics are common.
Shutter lag is a little slow and no sound for videos! 
Flash can tend to drown out picture subjects (very strong!)
None
My thumb keeps pushing the battery latch open and buttons are flimsy
Image noise
When not using flash, shutter speed's too slow.
When not using flash, shutter speed's too slow.
Lacks a zoom lens.
It just died with no reason,there are many people this happened to...read why.
flash not so hot, no zoom
battery life when using LCD
no zoom
no zoom
Floppy Disk Adapter is not included in all packages
Would be better if it came w/ AC power source and Zoom upgradeability.
Battery Life, Tends to blur moving subjects
on camera controls are somewhat hard to work
slow downloading pictures to a computer, no optical zoom
Battery Hog
None
LCD screen use drains batteries fast
no optical zoom, sometimes get circles
No menu system- confusing to use
Instruction Book could be easier to use
Heavy use of Viewing screen will eat up batteries.
Small memory cards
Battery guzzling
Computer editing tool is slow
Batter life only so-so. No USB connection
Lacks a zoom
Manual a little confusing
1.3 megapix, no zoom
No zoom, parts of camera are easily breakable
battery drain, Olympus warranty 
Heavy, Poor close range performance.
No zoom, low megapixels
Zoom is less than perfect, feature menu cumbersome, included software not up to snuff
Eats batteries like they are candy!!
Slow to download
Using viewer eats up batteries.
None so far.
Need adapter for fast downloads, no zoom
None!
cost
none that I can think of for this pric
trigger-delay, weight, no zoom
battery life, motion, x2 zoom
LCD screen gets smudgy when you use the view finder, its a battery guzzler.
the basic kit does not come with a carry case
None!
no zoom
Operating Manual could be written clearer, No Physical Zoom
Needed accessories, availability of extras
Power adapter overly expensive
No zoom feature
Be prepared to go through A LOT of batteries
Heavy battery consumption on some features
no zoom
slow download time
Battery Hog, Slow Shutter, Need New Printer
Small multiple use buttons.
The instruction book was hard to understand on formatting new media cards (I thought)
no optical zoom
limited zoom, camera too small and slow
Download Speed
Not as high quality resolution as others
Slow transfer speed; must have a flash indoors
Expensive media, basic features, poor power supply
eats batteries
no optical zoom, only 2x digital zoom
No good for 8x10 prints, no USB connection,  
None
It doesn't do laundery
No zoom
No optical Zoom
No optical zoom, no high speed com port
no zoom, landscape quality, ac adapter extra, no usb
none to date
none
slow serial connection, no optical zoom
Pricey
no optical zoom
battery usage
none
Blurry Action Shots
Eats a lot of batteries
digital zoom switches to lower quality compression.
unable to attach filters or telephoto lenses
no zoom, marginal indoor photo quality
battery eater
Directions for hooking up to computer are vague
no optical zoom, small buttons
None
2 megapixel would be nice
settings, no case
Short battery life when downloading
short battery life, poor image quality, doesn't support a floppy diskette
warranty may not cover you if the camera has ever had impact, even if it didn't cause the pertinent damage
Does not come with AC adaptor, zoom makes images a little fuzzy
No USB connection, eats batteries unless you use NiMH
batteries need to be replaced often
battery life with LCD turned on, lack of real zoom,  battery compartment
uneasy LCD button
can't print higher than a 5x7
takes too long between pictures, doesn't include adapter.
lacks optical zoom
A little big, and a little heavy, could use a little more storage and resolution.
No zoom
sucks power, flash not to good
just the symbols on the buttons
Battery usage and button design
batteries...
None
No USB capabilities
comes out dark
you have to buy alot of batteries
No USB or Optical Zoom
Too many adapters to get used to
I Waited Far To Long To Buy One! Period.
none that we found
Sucks the life out of batteries
need more simplified operating buttons
Not Enough SmartMemory
Battery life
Lacks a Few Nice Features The  360L has
Front slider easily broken
Battery life is pathetic (nothing a few NiMH rechargeables can't handle).
Drains batteries
Only Serial Connection, No Optical Zoom, Bulky
slow data transfer, poor battery usage
Short battery life, no optical zoom, confusing controls.
Battery-drainer
no optical zoom, no USB Interface
None
If you are afraid of hi-tech things, it seems intimidating at first.
Software is slow/hard to use
no USB
Power Usage, Slow Response When Cold
Need tripod for closeups, Slow lens extension/retraction
price a little high, must stand still when taking photos
power features are hard to learn
long download times
Lens retract feature, Alkaline battery life
Battery life
Battrey time short; F-stop not controbable; memory available is limited to 16mg.
Eats batteries.  
When you turn on the camera, you need to push back the lens cover--subsequently the lens pops out.  To shut the camera off, you need to shut the lens cover half -way and the lens should automatically retreat.  This does not always happen smoothly. 
Cheap plastic case, lacks USB port
Limited light handling capabilities.  Poor color fidelity. 
eats AA batteries fast
Not one!
Didnt' come with a carring case
battery life, upload time
no zoom, slight delay after taking pic, should have lithium batteries for best life
Sometime better to use viewfinder
Uploading hassle. &amp;quot;Techy&amp;quot; manual and not so easy to use.
No Optical Zoom, No USB
Eats batteries (unless you have NiMH rechargeable ones)
no ac adapter
No USB, only 1.3 megapixel, low battery life
battery consumption
Using screen eats batteries, manual seemingly written by gorillas
Not a zoom
drains batteries in a hurry, no AC adapter available to purchase separately
Uses the 4 AA batteries up FAST!!, Camera is Heavy
Battery life &amp;amp; Download times
Goes through batteries like mad.
Battery usage
menus, lens extension/retraction time
8mb card is too small; LCD drains batteries quickly
High Battery Usage
Loves those batteries! Buy the Nickel-Metal Hydride Rechargable batteries they last 3 times as long as normal rechargable batteries
Cheezy door that opens to the media card compartment, and you cannot add threaded lenses to this lens for added protection.
Unintuitive controls for detailed settings
Body scratches easily
Cumbersome manual, power consumption with LCD on, didn't include AC adapter, slow response to ready for next shot, not always intuitive menuing
Software conflict with HP scanner for me
battery life, red-eye
Better stock up on a good supply of batteries.
One word- Batteries.
Features take a while to learn&amp;#13;&amp;#10;menu buttons hard to identify
poor battery life and difficult user interface
Slow LCD display
could use more memory capacity
takes a few seconds longer than some other digital cameras to review pictures using the +/- buttons
only 1.3 megapixel
Slow capture after holding down trigger
Take a little getting used to
no USB port
You might miss the old photo albums at first, but you get use to it.
Slow loading pics onto the computer.
a little bulky, flash is not automatic
Easy to forget to flip-up flash, who can understand the button icons?
more expensive to print pictures
Overexposed flash, sometimes arcane pushbuttons and menus.
None
None
Requires software, Short battery life
Goes through Batteries FAST!! 
Users' Manual, limited flash range
Needs carrying case for protection
Gobbles batteries
not ergonomic menus, slow connection with the pc
too small for big hands
Can't  add any other lenses. But most digitals are that way.
No automatic pop up flash
Menu system is a little unclear (you must read the manual, then it is very good)
Goes through batteries kind of fast with the LCD on
battery life less than expected
menu/buttons need to be learned, slow LCD display
cost of accessories, learning curve
hard to find
Higher priced and batteries are consumed rapidly
repairs take months, no usb connectivity, inaccuracy of colors,  cheap plastic frame
On the lower end of resolution
Can break if you throw it out of your car at 50 mph
Zoom is not that great
hard to read instruction manual..... uses batteries very fast
This camera takes some getting used to. The accessories (AC adaptor, disk adaptor, extra smart card disks etc.) are expensive as you have to buy them from 3rd party vendors.
Batteries run out quickly
flash doesn't auto pop-up, minor ergonomic irks
not a blessed thing
printing
i wish you could load with film also.
Button icons are a little non-standard, download to PC is slow without adapters, no save settings feature
doesn't deal well with glare, no depth of field, pictures grainy and/or fuzzy at full resolution- good for web work only
Sliding lens cover  butts retracting lens
Controls could be simpler, could have USB instead of serial
LCD uses up batteries rather quickly
still trying to figure out some of the features
confusing controls
drains batteries quickly
non-intuitive controls, slow serial connection
menu system is a little hard to understand and remember
eats AAs, no AC adapter included
Total zoom gets blurry
Slow download from camera to PC
poor user interface
Who wrote that handbook?
Included Batteries Inappropriate
None yet
Chews through the batteries.  Software could be better.
Slow download, missing features.
a few details that could be improved on
Digital Cameras are still not very Rugged. Take Care
battery consuming, no case
Haven't found one yet
It is too easy to accidentally erase photos.
Short Battery Life; Slow Download
control markings are confusing
Hard on batteries
Red eye from flash, sometimes lose date &amp;amp; quality selection
Slow serial port is a bit old fashioned
photo graininess!, LED screen drains batteries too fast!
I haven't found anything except the lens item mentioned above
Eats batteries,controls could be simpler, and what's up with the lens cover?
Battery life.
not too hot under low light or action shots, must buy separate batteries
Low battery life.  Gotta look at the instruction manual.
No case, alkaline batteries run short
None noticed by this novice
A few upgrades necessary to get maximum performance
batteries are expensive, recommend rechargables, also memory is expensive to upgrade
no a/c adapter with purchase
poor, poor reliability
battery usage
Can get occasional blur, prints are better with SHQ setting, which allows fewer shots.
Low megapixel, Poor picture quality indoors, limited extra features.
Serial Cable has slow transfer speeds
Discontinued model. 
Battery hog, missing ac adapter and charger
Battery Problems; Hard to Find
none that I have found so far
Likes to eat batteries, 8mb card included is too small
Cumbersome to view pictures and download, high blurriness probability.
No USB support
 no usb, supplied smartmedia 8mb not enough, takes a while to open/ get ready
Accessories are a little pricey.
poor battery life when using lcd display, serial port interface is slow
Doesn't come with the extras that you'll really want to have.
None.
Flash Indicator isn't as easily seen as I would like.
battery life, only 1.3 
lens cover interferes with lens when closing, serial interface is slow, slow screen updates
Only 1.3 Mega-pixels, better bundled with key accessories
Could provide better/easier software, have to buy a/c adapter separately.
No USB
Serial uploading can be slower....USB adapter available
Eats batteries - though this largely depends on battery. buy rechargeable with recharger
Software is a little lacking
There is a variance between the optical viewfinder and the digital one. Can get confusing.
BATTERIES........AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!
Batteries, doesn't come with a case
included serial PC connection is slow
Menu operation, Software, Flash design
software difficult, slow to download, flash cover
Limited Zoom Range, Limited Manual Control
Doesn't have USB capabilities, no 110v. power supply
The lens pulls in slow, takes a few seconds to recharge for next picture.
Have to remember to flip the flash up - no big deal
The user menus are not user friendly!  Hard to troubleshoot problems.
Plastic housing could be more solid feeling
no camera case included
Everyone one else wants to play with it!
Menu could be better, uses SmartMedia and a serial interface
Battery Life is about one weeks worth of picture taking
No USB support.. only syrup-slow serial
Control menus can be a minor problem, until you get used to them. 
Plastic construction and goes through batteries quickly.
No USB support.  Short battery life.
Reviewing photos is cumbersome.  No USB connection.
Serial connection for transfering pictures, sometimes pictures are funky.
Feed Me Batteries if you use the LCD
Buy disks, expensive.
None for a novice like me
no movie mode
AC adapter sold separately
Drains batteries too quick!
Drains Batteries
Takes a while to get familiar w/ camera features.  No AC adapter.
Battery doesn't last that long
AC adapter sold separate, battery charger sold separate
No direct USB. No carrying case included.
Will not work with my computer
Slow shutter reaction.  Serial port image transfer. No shutter speed control.
no external flash sync port, % of viewfinder coverage, offset tripod port.
Limited battery life.  (I recommend rechargable batteries)
closing the cover is sometimes tough, and the zoom lens can get in the way
The sliding lens cover can break stuff if you are not careful.
A Little Bulky, Have to Open and Close Shutter Door too Often (to Switch Functions)
Came with 8mb card, no rechargeable batteries, auto ISO in dark situations not good.
battery life, have to flip the flash
Battery conn, Service Bad,no case
Complicated menus for advanced features.
lack of manual settings, no direct USB hookup
Settings not always easy to change.
FRAGILE DESIGN, manual flip up flash, no manual settings
Big, bulky, and heavy.
Have to reset the date every time batteries come out.
A little too bulky, battery hog, poor PC connection.
Serial interface
Awkward turning on and off
hard to find
non
The prices are somewhat high.
SLOW serial connection, small 8mb memory card
sometimes out of focus on moving objects
Problems w/software, Movies Don't have sounds, Lack of Usb Connectivity, Minor Problems!!
Must remember to pop up flash!
not computer friendly enough; no included AC adaptor; no included USB interface
none compared to other digicams
No USB out-of-the-box, bulky weight, eats batteries
Manual flash, location of screen on back.
No USB, Lens cover is troublesome
Manually flip of the flash, no cover. No USB-serial only.
USB only available via promotional offer. Plastic casing...
Moderate battery life, no USB connection
No USB connection for picture transfer to computer
short battery life; usb did not come with the camera
No USB download capability.  Need USB SmartMedia reader.
Serial only, 8MB smart media card is too small, must be careful closing the lens cover
no USB
can't get photos downloaded/developed
Not enough memory
Lack of USB and SOUND...only a gripe for the uninitiated or totally anal
Battery hog, missing ac adapter and charger
8 MB Card not enough.
8 mb Smartmedia card too small
Cost, flash, lens cover
none
Serial connection too slow, included memory too small
none
Flip up flash and lens cover
Lens cover tricky to close, need to buy accessories
no usb included
cost of Olympus branded AC adapter
Best photo quality takes a little time to get off camera.
No USB
Small memory card and no USB connectivity
It needs to come with an Ac adapter and rechargeable batteries
No USB connection (but take advantage of the free USB card reader coupon)
Haven't discovered any as of yet
Manual pop up flash, camera seems fragile
Manual (although lengthy) misses some important facts; Software is just OK.
Could be smaller, some usage problems.
You have to manually pop the flash up
none
Complicated menus, semi-expensive accessories.
Several things.
many helpful (but not necessary) accessories not included
Ships with 8mb SM card, No Case, No lens attachments.
Manual flash
REALLY should have come with a 16MB card (or better)
You have to manually open the flash
Bait and Switch Strategies by CAMERA ZONE, CAMERA SOUND, COMPDIRECT and DISCOVERY CAMERA
smart card is only 8 mb. 3 1'2 adopter card is an expensive add on
A bit heavy and cumbersome, flash is manual
Only 8 mb Smart media card included
Support stinks.
Hard to focus with low light, uses up batteries quickly
short battery life
Very  Hard to Use 
Very poor performance in low light 
3X Zoom is weak and SmartMedia cards are VERY fragile, eats batteries
battery consumption, auto-focus system
no pc jack, no manual focus or focusing screen, loves batteries 
hard on batteries
Extra Batteries on hand?  Good!
A little more difficult to use
Need rapid shot capability. some photo opportunities missed because you need to wait for photo to be stored on Flash Disk before another photo can be taken
not discounted much -- shop around!
Display screen, speed taking pictures, Olympus Web site.
Costs extra to save onto computer
poor quality
harder to use
Battery usage
finicky file downloads
Shutter delay, slow recovery time, dark flash photos in viewfinder
have to install software on your computer to retrieve images
Poor interface, poor repairs
The strap is difficult to attach
Could be a little easier to use, lens cap keeps falling off!!
Auto Focus
Finicky in low-light situations, download software difficult to use
Battery-life. Parallel port connection
Auto focus sometimes gets confused
memory limited, slow, poor low-light performance
batteries die quickly, need AC adapter for best results..
Big and Bulky, Pricey
shutter lag, poor focusing, small media capacity
Not good with low light situations.
Messed up shutter speed, no big memory supported, and it costs an arm and a leg for only 1.5MPs
Hard to get focus in low light
Eats batteries like a big dog, glitchy
no manual focus; 32Mb limit; hard to auto-focus in lowlight conditions
battery life and some controls
- Image colours slightly pale
Limited under low-light conditions.
Smart Media Card, not enough manual functions
The photograph is manipulated mainly after the picture is taken, and not during.
Customer leaves a lot to be desired, the thing is huge, a lot of things do not work a lot of the time.
Serial downloads very slow, short alkaline battery life, manual focus system inadequate.
a bit bulky, but worth it for the features
Does not resemble a 35mm camera
Blue Sky Seems Green, Slow Time Between Shots.
Heavy, Big
A little bulky and $$$$.
battery life short, camera easily scratched
Price, lack of viewfinder, screen is not &amp;quot;sturdy&amp;quot;
poor color depth
$$$
Inadequate flash; Slow recovery between pics; Retail is too expensive (though there are deals out there)
zoom, minor issues with many features
Slow to write to disk, too expensive for beginners
Large, Somewhat Heavy
Vulnerable LCD 
No Negative rating
a little large, but i think thats it for cons
LOOOOOOOOONG download time.  Very poor color and grainy.  
Cheaply made, poor quality, serious design flaws which render it unusable.
Everything else.
a little heavy and bulky, but so are most travel systems
Must use car seat base 
heavy, handle can be awkward
cannot use without base, handle is awkward, 2 recalls within 1 year, expensive
Takes a bit of practice to get it unfolded
Pricy if you're not a shopper, Bigwheels,
The car base is extra big to put in the middle seat of our volvo.
price, a bit bulky(takes up all of the back of my expedition)
everything else
Everything else
large, heavy and expensive
Expensive, large!
Wheels could be bigger, or air.
Must have large car to fit this stroller. 
hard to fold, takes up a lot of room
Although costly, it maintains its value
Local product (and accessory) availability.  Somewhat lofty price tag.
Cost
can't think of one to be honest with you.
expensive
makes me look girlie
no basket (you need to get one yourself), does not collapse all the way
Cost, bulk, shallow basket, low canopies
Expensive?
High price, hard to travel with.
Worth it for those who don't cart baby around all day in a car seat
basket is too small
Heavy, big, not good for mall use
HEAVY, QUIRKY, CUMBERSOME
Heavy, enormous, and nearly impossible to steer on uneven terrain.
Price, weight
expensive, wheels aren't great outside, other components have broken
heavy, cup holder doesn't stay on well
basket storage limited
fabric has faded, wheels squeak, doesn't go over bumps very easily
bulky and hard to handle when closed
A bit heavy
Not ideal for travel...probably isn't meant to be
price
expensive, large size can make in hard to move
very large in trunk, not really for neighborhood walks
My broke after only a few months
It is hard to fold.
Expensive for something that's outgrown after 1 year
expensive, breaks down, wheels get stuck
I kick footrest when baby is in rear-facing position and toddler 'perch' is not safe
Expensive, heavy, doesn't steer well, harness gets stuck,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;wheels too small, it's a tank
Very heavy and takes up too much room
price
Difficult storage area, large size
bulky when folded, hard to push with one hand
Not convenient or well-designed enough for it's expensive pricetag
Not useful after the first few months
Handle Height Not Adjustable
Very Expensive, a little large, basket access difficult
Basket could be a big bigger, weight
Material is not easy to remove, carriage is on the heavy side, and you need two hands to fold it up.
too expensive, easily breakable, strap problems
basket could be bigger
n/a
size, ease of use, basket size, durability
Price
heavy, expensive
Expensive
price
difficult to push if you are too tall
Initial investment
&amp;quot;ocean liner&amp;quot; proportions, inaccessible basket
cost, weight
Large, heavy, expensive
seatbelt is not the greatest, heavy to load
Higher priced
cost
very heavy to carry
It falls apart way before you are done needing it!
A little heavy; no cup holders
heavy, wide, expensive
price (!!!!!), very large and heavy
difficult to maneuver
heavy, too big
plastic parts
High in price
Tiny little canopy.
It is very expensive!
basket
Heavy, expensive, "ocean liner"
none
bulky, hard to push, expensive
Hard to get stuff in and out of bottom basket.  Price.
none that I can think of!
Little tricky to fold , Extra for basket, No storage on canopy, Cup holder
Price, basket
Hard to break down and somewhat heavy.
Could be lighter
Small basket
Tricky to learn how to fold. Small adult cup holder. Flimsy basket.
Price, not easy to steer one handed.
must purchase basket; requires some practice to open quickly; feels flimsy at times
Lack of storage space
Higher priced, smallish basket
Is pricey, bottom basket is an additional charge.
Handlebars seem rickety; a bit heavy to be used for travel
Price, storage, car base difficult to install.
Doesn't maneuver well.  Gets stuck open or closed.   Price.
A bit challengin to learn to fold up. Could be a two-handed operation.
Peg Perego no longer makes converter bars for use with other infant car seats
No easy access to basket when kid is seated, doesn't close one-handed.
does not include a basket
Price
No storage, not good in the snow, tricky to fold
small, wimpy, hard to reach basket!
a little hard to open/close
Basket not included
no basket, PRICE!!
basket SUCKS!, wide wheel base, wheels worn down.
look
confusing, missing basket and cup holder
Doesn't come with basket (sold separately) 
May want something lighter
a little heavy &amp;amp; need 2 hands to steer
hard to lock into place, can be a rough ride, price
Not quite light-weight as claimed
Expensive
Not as comfy for newborns
difficult to open &amp;amp; close
none
plastic seat-back, heavier than most umbrella strollers
price and small basket
Pricey.
must purchase basket and full hood separately! no cup holder, locks broke
Tricky to fold and latch, cost
Folding can be tricky, not great for taller child.
Doesn't corner well, no basket.
heavy! difficult to open and close
Difficult to close with basket attached. Not very good in securing child. 
cost
Hard to master how to unlock and fold.  Not good for newborns.
a bit pricey
price, short canopy, handles
Pricey
Basket is flimsy, price, envious looks from others might give you a guilt complex.
Only the basket which is flimsy, doesn't hold a lot, and is hard to access.
Difficult to access basket, small inconvenient viewing window, pricey
No universal baby seat bar so you have to use their inferior seat.
Umbrella handles instead of a middle bar across&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Small storage basket
price, closing is hard until you get the hang of it
Storage basket is flimsy.
Rides better with larger child in the rear seat.
Tiny basket. Seatbelts could be better designed.
Expensive, Awkward to fold, hard to turn, very small basket
expensive, no "view" from back seat, hard to handle on curbs
Price may sway some but long term value is worth it.
will not stay closed, extra work needed to position (optional) car seat for newborns
but it's really hard to steer and very heavy
no cup holder, ridiculously small cargo baskets, soooo expensive, short shades
expensive
Hard to wash covering
small basket
Difficult to push and turn
warranty not very long
heavy and costly
Small storage basket, no built in cup holders.
price
Small basket, No cup holder.
Basket too small
none
Price.
Doesn't stay shut when folded - tends to pop open spontaneously.
size, price
expensive, not that roomy for back rider
small basket, hard to manuveur, didn't always lock in place
small basket
weight of stroller, small basket
front seat does not recline, expensive
expensive, poor customer service, not the best for twins
lack of maneuverability, small basket
cost
price, size of basket
big stroller
Horribly small storage basket
none
Can be tough to turn, Front seat doesn't recline all the way, High seats make it difficult for the child in the back to see has to look around
small storage space.
Cost (though worth every penny to me), ...my mother never *did* figure out how to fold it.  It's not difficult  in general, but it's a three-step process.
hoods keep falling off.
Somewhat expensive even if you can find it on sale, ridiculously expensive if you can't
small basket
Basket is a little small
Cost initially and replacements parts, if needed are a little difficult to use if your not a little handy with some tools.
Size
everything
price can be high
Small storage basket and price
non-durable, rough, clumsy
Very expensive w/hardly any storage space.
hard to push, turn, small seating, small basket...
expensive, itty-bitty basket
Wish it had a one hand release fold, does not fold to compact size
price
A little heavy
not good for travel, small basket
bulky when folded, kind of heavy
Basket can be hard to get at when the seat is fully reclined.  Hefty price.
On the heavy side. undercarriage basket too small.
A little big to push through narrow aisles
Hard to get at, storage basket.
17 lbs, high price tag ($300), takes up whole trunk in our mid-size car.
Pricey. 
fasteners get stuck when closed, no cup holder, basket hard to get into.
This stroller is a bit bulky when folded, and does not let infant seat attach.
Useless on uneven pavement.  Poor quality.
steering
Expensive
N/A
takes up most of your trunk
Small basket
not yet......
it is heavy
no return policy, wont last more than one child
Shade canopy, basket access when reclined
Expensive
the basket is a little small
a bit expensive, but well worth it
not well-designed for taller people, locking latch is difficult, instructions, not good in rough terrain, price
None
wiggly frame, hard to turn
Handle could be longer
tough to find non-offensive fabric, hard to fold
EVERYTHING
Awkward storage basket
Not good for uneven surfaces
doesnt protect 100% from sun
Heavy, not built for turbulence.....
Basket is too small and inconvenient
Very weak
Wish the boot was a bit more versatile like the Milano 
Slow to start up.
none found yet
Not all that intuitive. Autofocus sometimes doesn't. Lo-res video.
None, except, maybe, price.
None that I've found yet.
Lens protection a bit flimsy
None yet found.
It only comes with a 16MB SD card; only stores 11 pictures on default setting.
Battery door feels flimsy.
small toggle switch easy to activate wrong function
Wrist strap is too large for camera. Soft pouch is tight. NONE YET
'on/off' button might be confused with shutter release button, battery compartment hinge seems flimsy
Expensive, images not quite as sharp as high end 3MP camera, control joystick.
expensive, power button confused with exposure button
Battery life
none yet
How battery is charged and location of shutter and on/off buttons
Soft images, poor shot to shot times, short battery life, 
Shot to shot time; initially awkward controls
Small buttons take some getting used to, no case included
poor quality battery and memory card cover. Zoom picture of poor quality
Just OK picture quality - nothing to write home about
Underpowered flash. Must remove battery to charge it. Occasional auto-focus problems.
There are other cameras with better performance in regard to image quality, battery life, etc.
Subject must be absolutely still.  No flash.
Poor photo quality
Doesn't work, poor resolution, fuzzy pictures, you name it.
Poor picture quality. No flash. Low aperture. No Zoom...and more.
Low Resolution - Twain Driver Sucks for slower Computers
HIDEOUS picture quality, no flash, small memory capacity (18-24 pictures), slow downloads to computer
Very Poor picture quality.  Dont buy one!
Only holds 18 exposures, pictures can sometimes be grainy, no flash.
Cheap
I paid money for it!
poor print quality
I CAN'T SEE ANY AT ALL!
no flash, lighting crucial to good photos.  movement blurs completely
No flash, small movement can ruin a picture.
Don't consider this for high-quality printable images.
battery operated, battery security flap pops open randomly. no flash
No flash, small memory, and variable picture quality
Poor resolution, only stores 15 photos, EATS BATTERIES
Inexpensive  :o)
clarity, ease of use, and low cash value.  Skip it if possible.
No zoom, eats batteries.
Takes really lousy pictures, quick battery drain, 
drains the batteries pretty quick
Work arounds required for software use.  Photo quality is less than stellar.
bad battery life, not so good resolution. 
Will not work with Windows XP
No Zoom, only holds 15 pictures, not the best resolution, battery drain, 
Very poor focus, compression of JPG, no data card, bad design of battery cover
Slow serial download, lens needed re-focusing, 
Not as clear of a picture as a more expensive camera would take. 
No where near the quality of other digital cameras
0.31 Megapixel, no macro focus
Utterly Losuy pictures in extreme.
large size, short battery life.
slow to save image, Polaroid
Very dim LCD, hard-to-use top control, bulky
buggy, inconsistent performance
Battery life
Reliability, large size, bad LCD, slow
poor flash performance, inconsistent results, especially in difficult lighting conditions
Poor display in cold weather
Large, mediocre viewfinder
possibly the large size, the model has been disconinued
Support and parts are difficult.
Delete function , photo quality not great
Drains batteries quickly
Poor  Photos
Low Resolution
15 image memory, 640x480 resolution, basic software package
Price
Switch needed to be replaced.
Ease of use and battery usage
No instruction booklet for software-Photomax.  Better to use as a plug in to electricity as uses up batteries very quickly.
Software booklet unavailable and help is very limited, not a good choice for professionals, photo graininess enhancement limited.
could'nt find one
complicated
resolution, loading time, battery life
Can't think of any
Expensive
batteries don't last long, (but that's normal)
none at this time
The only bad thing that we have found about this camera is that is uses battery life rather quickly.
poor picture quality, cheesy software
HAD TO BE FIXED
Bright flash, not a lot of memory and short battery.
Pics aren't as sharp
Extremely poor quality pics.
Cheap
No zoom and if you plan to print these out they will be grainy. 
Limited uploading capability with different browsers.
goes thru batteries like crazy, battery door is weak
No, I mean it, really cheap inferior camera 
It has few options like zoom.
No zoom, shutter release in an awkward place.
Slow warming up &amp; between pictures.
Uses a serial port connection to transfer pictures instead of faster USB
wait time between pictures, requires batteries
Limited options, flimsy battery door, eats batteries
Terrible battery life.  Poor support.
No zoom, cant get it to download after about 6 months, pic screen defunct
&lt;i&gt;Polaroid&lt;/i&gt; no longer manufactures digital cameras.
not compatible w/ WindowsNT, takes forever to warm up between snapshots, eats batteries, no zoom
Battery life, picture quality, size, weight, only 2MB memory card, no zoom, software, discontinued
resolution only goes up to 640x480, only handles 8mg smartmedia cards
Uses a lot of battery power, Not very durable
Poor display picture quality
Everything except for the wrist strap...
No zoom.  No creative options.
Would have been nice to have a floppy adapter or USB connectivity.
could be sold w/ high memory chip, but no biggie
It will leave you wanting for a better resolution
battery usage 
Short battery life, LED almost useless outdoors
Exhaust batteries too fast, time to reset for next shot, will let you take shots without enough light and not tell you
goes through batteries quickly and electrical cord could be longer
none
Annoying green light in Viewer window.
have trouble with the PC cable making good contact
Best for first time digital photographers.  
Battery sucker, not very shock resistant.
no USB
No zoom feature
Drains batteries quickly
nothing!
poor battery life; image quality is average
12
none
Bad Flash
usb connection needed
NO ZOOM?
none
no auto focus, LCD display and controls awkward to use
battery-life
drains batteries, 'shutter' button seems placed wrong
somewhat lengthy downloading time, constant battery replacement...
For complete ease of use you may want the optional SmartDisk memory adapter.
much cheaper product than should be sold.  Should have been labeled 'alpha' or 'beta' at least
SOFTWARE
Needs a software upgrade...soon
none at the moment
none yet
Manual needs some improvement.
eats AA batteries like crazy
none
the green ready light is in my eye
drains batteries, pictures can get &amp;quot;lost&amp;quot; on the hard drive using the software that came with
only 2 meg flash card, eats batteries
No zoom and software problems
Hard to use software, inaccurate optical viewfinder
lack of resolution in enlargements
Battery life
camera color fades
only 12 pictures when using high quality
Reliability
constant battery user
Pictures not as clear as I have seen from other cameras.
Picture quality
Excellent for sending pictures of the family to other family members around the country.  And it enables you to do so in a matter of minutes, from the time you snap your picture to the time you email it out.
Honestly have not encountered any
can't find any cons
No Macintosh connection.
When transferring pictures from the Polaroid program to another program, pictures turn out with white blotches.  I learned to just download directly from the camera into each program, the results are better!
Problems with direct hookup to computer
So-so software, low resolution
no zoom
costs more than reg. camera
green light in view finder
non
No zoom
Memory card is small
battery life is short
Indoors pictures not always the best.
No zoom feature
No auto-focus, no zoom, only 3 focus settings, sucks up batteries.
Had a hard time in figuring out how to use self-timer.
too many confusing buttons
weird flash, bad with distance
PhotoMax software may have problems
batteries don't last too long
lack of options
memory card instead of floppy disk storage
None found  yet!
8mb max memory, tech support
None
We never use our 35 mm anymore.
None
Goes through batteries like nothing I have ever seen and the software could be a bit more user friendly.
no zoom, small memory card
eats batteries
uses batteries fast but can be fixed by using power adapter and extension cord.
battery eater, hooky program
Costly prints, Battery eater
not good for indoor pics, no zoom or lense adjustments
poor quality photos, minimum pictures
Images are occasionally of questionable quality
kills batteries very fast
Delayed reaction on button
none
Hard on batteries
None yet
No zoom.
Not enough pixels to use for printed out pictures
No disc to download on and goes through batteries fast.
Not true photo quality
none
none
None
no floppy flash disk
You will need something better eventually
Loves to eat those batteries.
finding batteries that last!
uses 2 AA batteries, 640X480 resolution, the largest memory card you can use in it is a 8 meg 
limited storage
none
none
Needs a better instruction manual, but remedies this with online support
Impossible to hook up to a computer
not megapixel, can eat batteries, must reset clock when changing batteries
It's not a Mavica but for the price it's good enough
?
poor quality in low light
The Birdie:)
not too high image quality
Learning how to use it
the quality of the pictures when printed
careful not to plug in while software is running
eats batteries
May cost a littl bit of money, or be hard to use at first.
none
Have not found any.
low battery life, no floppy disk use
No zoom, no autofocus, floppy adapter doesn't work with Mac or Windows NT
Not for the Computer illiterate
--
A little slow on start up
Poor Battery Life
This is probably best for home-use as there is nothing you can do if you fill up the quota (12-96 exposures depending on quality) of pictures...unless you buy another memory card.
low quality, grainy, dark pictures
Pictures may be on the grainy side if you plan to print them out, due to pixel resolution ~ may want to spend more to get the maxi-pixel sharpness of photos printed out; may grow out of this one and want to buy a more expensive one; limited features
None yet...
remember it's lightweight
&lt;i&gt;Feels&lt;/i&gt; cheap, voracious battery eater! Needs time to "warm up".  Greenish pictures in dark settings.
photo quality average (when photo blown up)
None
Battery hog, flash not always sufficient
none
only can take 12 pictures in super hi-quality mode
Drains Batteries/Low Flash
none
LCD screen drains batteries
Problems just aren't worth it.
fixed lens
eats batteries like all other digital cameras
easy to use
difficult to get flash perfect, resolution slightly obsolite
no zoom or extra features
no adjustments for quality
Not the highest quality you would expect.
no usb 
uses batteries up quickly
Lack of zoom capability
Nothing........
Software
drains batteries
uses a lot of batteries
have to plug into the computer to view photos
None
Bad Software
no zoom, low resolution
I have found none, so far
Max picture size = 640 x 480
Battery Drainer extreme, LCD wont work all the time.
Pictures not super quality.  Image screen a little slow
Eats batteries like it has camera ringworm, heavy in weight
see review
poor image quality; poor battery life; no zoom
battery eater, limited capability
Lower picture quality than the more expensive cameras
Requires some effort to upload photos to hard drive.
Close ups get a little blurry.
pictures have low resolution and it uses alot of batteries
LCD screen destroys batteries. Slow picture transfer to computer by means of serial port.
Poor for close-up shots
No zoom, slow upload time, poor picture quality in less than bright natural lighting conditions.
Battery life
No zoom features and LCD screen is hard to see in bright light.
Buy Rechargeables. Software Sucks use Microsoft Picture it instead!!
Goes thru batteries like a hot knife thru butter. Grainy pics of far objects.
loses user settings when powered off.
fragile, no zoom and consumes a lot of battery.
Eats Batteries(4 at a time),Mediocre Picture Quality, Bulky, Hard To Hold 
No zoom, no extra lenses available
The Polaroid PDC 700 is a real battery sapper. No zoom lens. 
Battery guzzler, Does not save settings, slow download
Takes 4AA batteries, is larger and weighs more then the avg. digital camera
Battery hog
no good directions in the box
not enough instructions
batteries run down fast
Consumes batteries like an orbiting satellite... I'm sure.
A real battery hawg!!!!!!!
No zoom, eats up standard batteries, LCD hard to see outside.
Short battery life.  I mean really short.
Eats batteries like you would not believe.
Batteries,PhotoMax software glitches,limited digital enhancements for retouching of photos
quality of the picture, size
Misleading advertising indicates compatability with NT; can be done but requires some expertise to do so.  Documentation is sparse and challenging to find in-depth answers.
battery life
Battery Hog
drains batteries quickly, limited alternate power supplies
Grainy exposures unless in &amp;quot;super fine&amp;quot;mode &amp;quot;12 shots available without memory card/ Runs down batteries quickly when screen and flash is used often
battery use, no zoom
no zoom
Battery usage
You have to have a good printer to get good pictures
Average quality - display is poor
The case is bit tight at first but will stretch with use.
No zoom lens
none at the moment
Batteries run out fast, uploading slow
Uses a lot of batteries
view finder doesn't always come on
does not have zoom lense
Batteries don't last too long
Eats batteries. No zoom
sucks the battery juice, no zoom
bad for night photos; LCD hard to see with daylight glare; 
Shape, Size, Weight... Nothing major just little things that takes getting used to.
eats batteries; 
none
Little Support,short battery life, no support for Win2000
Batteries don't last as long as would like
No zoom, short battery life
Unintuitive menu icons
Newer cameras have past this one bye (sorry Polaroid) :(
battery life, picture quality
shorter battery life than id like 
Not very good life support
hard on batteries, no real owners manual
Long wait between taking pictures, bad coloring, takes long to download pics
lousy battery life, confusing LCD controls
VERY bad battery life
Modest storage, no USB cable included, have to download detailed manual
Battery Usage
Terribly short battery life, no detailed owner's manual, tiny carrying pouch.
It eats batteries up fast 
Eats BATTERIES
They use UPS for shipping.
Didn't we just buy 12 AA batteries last week????
Low res LCD, Battery hungry, Long Boot up
Haven't found anything I don't like
don't have serial port, download hassle
No hard copy of the instruction manual included with camera.
Short battery-life, slow transfers to PC, does not remember settings
high battery drain
Accessories needed to operate well
No zoom, rough on batteries.
batteries are expensive
Batteries work for about 5 minutes, No zoom
Short battery life, no zoom 
Lousy photo programs
Eats batteries, no zoom, poor resolution, slow uploads
Uses batteries quick, takes a while to save pics.
No zoom, my nose sometimes presses menu button
Only so-so image quality at best.
Low-Battery Life, And Fairly Good Pics. Hard To Hook up with mac
Breaks when dropped on ceramic tiles
No zoom, fixed focus, low battery life
Not the best quality photos
No Viewing screen on the camera
Only 2MBs but that works for me might not for you.
Not Support on Windows 2000
No audible click when snapping the picture, instructions not that easy to understand
quality of distant images, no LCD image preview
It doesn't have a LCD screen in the back for instant viewing
Very basic features
not super quality photos.  not for professional use.
fair quality, Limited # of Pictures before download
Picture quality, no fill flash setting
Can't look at the pics till after you put them on your computer.  
Not have a memory card to replace.
bad pic quality, flash is too bright, pictures are blurry quite often
Can blur, grainy looking pictures
Limited capacity and no LCD for preview
The ' EV ' display and instructions too technical for what you get.
fixed lens, no lcd viewer 
It doesn't work
Somewhat unreliable picture quality
non-removal 2MB flash card
It lacks the resolution in picture quality of some other well known brands.
No Zoom, Bad picture quality, not good for taking pictures of memories
No removable flash card.
you can't zoom, poor quality pics, friend's with better cameras laugh at you
Good Pictures
I have yet to find and cons
none
Eats batteries if you use LCD display.
Short battery life, most user settings are not saved when the camera is turned off
Software suite, serial connection vs. USB
Wow what a rip off
Its a bit costly
n/a
power cord comes loose sometimes
DRAINS BATTERIES
A bit pricey, eats batteries for breakfast
Disappointing picture quality, probably due to an inadequate flash.
pictures blury if blowing up 12X zoom
Plagued With Problems, Poor Picture Quality, Less Then Average Battery Life&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Largish body, small LCD panel.
5 mnths old and manufacter will not honor 1 yr warrenty.
Quality is horrible
everything 
poor quality 
everything else
Long shutter delay., Weak plastic
no internal memory, not impressed with included software.
Not very many options
Poor quality
Battery door latches break. 
Camera is unacceptable, breaks easily -A NIGHTMARE. Company horrible to work with. 
JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK (is that 15 words??)
Flash too bright. Bad quality, blurry pictures. Slow download (takes up battery life). 
Poor Software, Low Memory, Low Battery Life, Camera only detected on COM1
Quality is so-so, limited memory
Cheap faulty camera
Eats batteries. Memory could be bigger.
Flash, Pictures, Software, Drivers
Poor battery life.  Nonstandard battery  Low picture memory.  Low Quality pictures.
Cheapest made without accessories needed to enjoy
software is slow and time consuming
Bad software, problems with resolution
No focus or flash control.  No AC adapter.
Lacks Many Features
battery doesn't last long at all
Can't view Pictures as you take them
No zoom, no lens cover (might scratch)
Chews batteries which are high dollar,poor picture quality,no flash control 
eats batteries, requires COM1 to download pictures cleanly, doesn't work well with WinNT
Needs a on &amp;amp; off switch for flash
moderate quality resolution
pic quality and eats batteries
Not good for close up or business work
I can't think of any.
uses a lot of batteries, small memory
Low memory
more expensive than a cheap 35mm
no zoom
Low quality pictures, need outside software to get good results.
Bad flash, Small Memory, Avg. Quality
software
Chip Failures
terrible for close ups!
very low pixels,high battery usage
640x480 is the highest resolution and 320x240 resolution is USELESS
But it uses the battery!
various
Everything else
must have better software then  supplied
Needs batteries alot!
Lacks many newer features
Tempermental with AC adapter, picky about lighting conditions
Really need to buy the ac adapter.
Subpar picture quality but then again, you get what you pay for
Battery usage
heavy battery consumption
battery consumption
wish it operated more like a point and shoot camera
Bad lens...
none that I've found
Pictures could be clearer.
drains battery quite fast
battery life doesn't last past a couple hours
Eats batteries alive, Don't like opening top
takes some experimenting with features
Short battery life
-the seconds it takes from when you press the button to take the picture, and the picture is actually taken
battery life, error messages
Wish the price were lower
cannot control f-stop or shutter speed
no view finder and battery life span.
Short life/Short standard warranty
Are there any?  A few minor grips, but nothing to dissuade someone from purchasing.
Questionable quality control.  Poorly designed power usage.
Needs extra memory for hi res photos
A little on the high side
See review
Not as versatile as and SLR for artistic shots
Color rendering problems (?)
slow in taking a picture
Eats batteries, can have trouble focusing
Not for Alkalines.
I honestly don't feel like there are any!
Needs a "firmware" update from manufacturer before it will interface with Mac. 
No manual focus with super macro, Horrible battery life using lcd screen
For the price of the product, none.  
Poor quality Macro shots, batteries drain very quickly
Slow transmition from camera to pc. Low batery life (use rechargabes)
battery life, exposure
None
Picture Quality, Price
Take long time to process between picture
No zoom, No LCD, Not TTL (through the lens)
Poor image quality.  Flash too strong at short range then drops off quickly.
NO MS-DOS mode printing support!  No USB or Parallel cable included.
Not expandable
No color or photo printing.
No color.
None in my epinion.
Integrated toner and drum cartridge
none so far
Unacceptable quality for colored text, buggy software installation
some toner flaking if you print on the backside, no postscript support
Somewhat long warm-up time on first page
Occasional black streaks (1 page in 50); case and connectors are flimsy.
30 second warmup from sleep mode
Slow warmup
doesn't ship with printer cables, have to print the manual yourself, demo button
Vertical paper tray causes paper to slip(update-This is fixed), No other complaints
no Jaguar drivers, can take a few seconds to warm up, terrible support website
Duplexing issues. Slow PostScript printing.
No color printing.
It's not color???  Haven't really found a con yet.
Double sided printing gets a bit dirty with toner. 8mb memory is not expandable. 
No color printing.
Haven't printed any envelopes yet, Toner in the future may be an issue
No colour
borken less than 6 weeks
Hasn't found yet.
lack of genuine PCL langauge support but Samsung printer language seems to be good enough.
Slow spool-up time (not an issue for me), Somewhat noisy
Not nearly the efficiency of much more expensive laser printers.  Again, consider overall value.
alittle slow start up time and might be alittle louder than average.
Fixed 8MB RAM, 45 Sec Warmup for First Page, Paper Jams Messy, 150 page tray
only 6 months, blown fuser 
Envelopes must be "snug" with track to print, 
about as noisy as anyother laser printer
*Reprint button could be security risk *Immature OS X drivers, not on CD *Not upgradable
Printing envelopes is a bit tricky and  no double-sided printing feature.
If you need the PostScript option, that may place the printer on the pricey side.
Not a HP
None
Didn't come with a printer cable.
Takes up a fair amount of desk real-estate!
Instruction manual must be downloaded from the web (PDF).
Manual duplexing, size
Honestly I like everything.
Finding toner cartridges
Integrated toner and drum cartridge
Not for iMACs
No USB support, initial toner drum isn't full
Toner cartridges are expensive
A little slow, but for $119 who cares?
No USB connection, no output paper tray.
only black and white, fairly big
Low capacity toner cartridge with unit.
No bells or whistles.
none yet
no USB
Can hardly see LCD outside. Zoom is digital, so useless outside. AD/DC Adapter is expensive.
Unknown brand
The SiPix Support seem to take offense 
Slow processor, software is erratic and locks up on download,  exposure control difficult.
Big, battery guzzler
Short battery life, prone to being accidentally turned on, non-flash pictures are blurry.
Battery drain (use rechargeables), memory card died less than 1yr.
slow to recharge flash, battery life, hard to see LCD outside, turns itself on sometimes
To date, I have been unable to get the  software to work.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
at this price/size?  You're kidding!
No Flash, Poor Low Light Quality
Pictures are not that great in low light
Blurry pictures if you aren't very still, no flash, lose power and pics are gone
Must be held totally still, Won't take a photo in low light.
Picture quality isn't great
Blurry pictures, battery dies ---&gt; picture lost,  
no memory, camera shake
Poor battery life, picture quality, software. List goes on.
No Flash, Limited use in the dark. 
-No flash, -Cheap Software, -Poor Construction, -Poor Picture Quality, -Doesn't work with my computer, 
BAD picture quality, poor software.
Fuzzy pics and need to hold cam very still. 
cheap doesn't matter when you can't get any PICTURES out of it.
for $35?  none
Limited use in dark conditions. No memory expansion.
No Flash, No Picture Preview screen, Pictures are stored in RAM
Dumps your photos.  Poor battery life.
No flash, slight lens aberration on the edges
Need More Light
Perfect ligting or no picture, software hangs in XP, wrong website URL on packaging.
Bulky. Only 1.5 megapixel. Flash stinks. Known focus problems. Learning curve.
Flash relatively useless,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Slow focusing,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;1.5 megapixel outdated.
Wish more user information was in the manual.
Wish more user information was in the manual.
Lack of interchangeable lenses.
Price, Bulky
Card Reader
Auto-focus could be better
NOT the highest resolution, but megapxels are highly overrated! Picture Gear Software
Poor low-light focusing.  Body too small for larger hands.  Flimsey feeling battery door.
pricey
No viewfinder, charging battery little hectic, odd shape for carrying
Cost
handling takes "getting used to," 8 megabyte memory stick is a "turn-off"
-
LCD is in a bad place, I touch it with my thumb every now and then
cracks in housing, out of focus closeups
technology and media all proprietary, expensive
packaged with 8MB MemoryStick and no carrying case!
Auto focus in low light and flash isn't great when using the zoom.  Typical with most auto-focus cameras.
No viewfinder, poor battery with no way to improve, not enough memory included, too bulky.
Not the best for shooting shots back to back. Comes with little memory and no case..
not a true 3.3 megapixel cam
no viewfinder and pricey extras
USB incompatibility
battery life, costly product
limited manual mode flexibility.
none
Battery Life, Supplied Memory
nothing
No neck strap,only 8mb memory stick
Short battery life, lack of optical view finder
Battery Power, Lack of Compression Choice/New Features, and 2.6 Megapixels.
flash too bright, no case, 8mb stick included, expensive
Expensive.  Battery life not too long.
Sometimes you'll miss having a viewfinder.
Limited movie capture mode.
hard to see screen in bright sunlight, some what slow on large file shots
Proprietary Memory Stick Media is EXPENSIVE, serial cable sux, 15 sec movie limit
expensive, no carrying case
Small lens, limited manual settings
expensive, complicated menu functions
A bit too similar to the DSC-F1
No zoom, need to buy larger memory stick
Short Battery life
not much zoom capability, serial uplink 
low memory, no dedicated control panel LCD, LCD unprotected, normal batteries dont work (needs lithium ion)
no carry case, 
you need bateries
lcd zoom quality poor, Proprietary memory
limited memory stick comes w/ camera
small zooming ability
Battery life is low and provided memory is not sufficient.
expensive
No built in zoom
long booting time, flash too bright
not cheap
no support from sony
Downloading memory stick a little slow.
No USB support, no optical zoom, no non-compressed file format
LCD hard to use in low light , Serial cable slow, No optical Zoom
The serial Link is slow. The packaged software is particular. 
Serial rather than USB connection
PictureLite3.2.  Serial cable download speed.
Size, digital viewfinder, Only comes with a 16MB memory stick.
bad lens distortion (wide angle macros), Maximum size of Memory Stick only 128 MB
Price, only memory stick and blue flash syndrome
Expensive
Expensive
Price, and memory cost
Expensive!  Slow capturing time (but perhaps with remedy).
Poor white balance. LCD blanks out with manual settings. 
Ship with 16Mb MS. Long delay when red-eye reduction turned on
Uses only Sony's MemorySticks for it's memory, only comes w/ 16megs memory.
Largest memory stick is 128MB.  Do not come with a case.  Lots of accessories.
Comes with a too small memory stick.
Still getting used to weight distribution.  Maybe not a camera for simple vacation photo-takers.
Only 16 MB of memory.  What were they thinking?
Only 16Mb Memory Stick supplied
Horrible warranty service plus nightmare of USB interface.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
EVF, Sony Memory Stick proprietary storage media, and ergonomics.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Lack of White Balance options. Proprietary memory. Not pocket-able.
Not easy for an amateur to use.
Somewhat expensive, bulky
Proprietary memory stick
HURRY OUT AND GRAB THIS OFF EVERY SHELF IN AMERICA,,
the price
Read the article for the cons of this camera.
Ergonomics not for everyone.  Electronic View Finder. Storage Medium.
Different shape, $$
Size, Price
Overcompensated white balance issues in certain types of lighting
Not Windows XP friendly, very expensive, very difficult to use
Ergonomic deficiency and color shift at extreme wide angle.
Sony Proprietary Memory, Occasionally Difficult Manual Focus
I bit big and heavy for casual photo taking.
Comes with small memory stick (16 MB) and camera is rather large.
Aperture priority is limited, very proprietary, no continuous mode and only one focus zone.
16MB memory stick that it comes with is useless - go 128MB.  Odd to handle.
Large and bulky, a bit awkward to hold, and well, a bit ugly.
Awkward shape, initial quality control, proprietary flash, "reds", flash color balance, memory stick.
none found so far, working like a dream
sony accessories cost an arm-and-a-leg
Cost
Difficult to adjust to low light settings.
Macro capabilites have their problems.  Funky shape is not copacetic with shooting or wearing.
Can be Bulky
comes with 16mb memory stick
memory stick, durability, flash temp too blue even after fix
Limited Warranty
Kind of pricey, could maybe use some more zoom.
Supplied 16MB Memory Stick a joke, no sticks available above 128MB yet
It is a little large to carry.
awkward to hold, no b/w mode
None
Flash produces red-eye, Included memory stick is inadequate
Proprietary Memory/ small memory size, Proprietary Battery, 
Somewhat bulky, comes with small memory stick
Pricey - 32MB Memory Stick - What's up with that silver body color
32 Meg stick standard, little pricey.
I didn't care for the pop up flash and their battery.
Bulky, Unbalanced, Optical 5X And Memory Stick.
Intimidated by lots of buttons? This may have too many settings for you.
EVF, Sony Memory Stick proprietary storage media, and poor ergonomics. , 
Mostly Sony proprietary technology.
Odd shape if you're not used to it.
Door hinges are flimsy. 
Weight, Sony Warranty
poor craftsmanship, extremely poor service
Slow focusing for sports, Noise Reduction takes control away
What's up with 32MB supplied memory??
The camera is bulky, but even at that it's still smaller than its predecessors.
Full size camera is a bit bulkier than today's typical digitals.
Odd shape for purchasing carrying accessories
cost. 32mb memory stick is a joke.
Ergonomics, shape,memory stick
Bulky, heavy, tricky macro, eye veiwer isn't "true."
Skimpy memory stick
Early production models have been recalled.  Memory stick capacity.
price, odd shape, flash shadow in macro shots
None that I can think of.
Body Shape, Battery door is a little weak, Regular memory sticks don't work
A bit expensive...
Flash pop up in your hand.
Red eye is just like other cameras.  No different than disposable.
A bit bulky and heavy
slow speed, pricey, problem with focusing on close objects, need for extra memory
Ok construction, poor close up quality, HORRIBLE USER interface
only enough memory for 30 - 35 pictures at a time
Poor picture quality in low light conditions
Proprietary memory , proprietary battery, slightly hard to press shutter release, low-powered flash
Difficult to get the best shots, weak (and badly positioned) flash. 
Digital cameras can be expensive
Battery cost, reliability
Camera has reported fault in battery life.  Sony has issued a recall repair notice
Expensive
Pictures fuzzy , grayish, and low-quality.  Slow Clicker.
Memory Stick Capacity, No Carrying Case
8 mb memory stick, no camera bag, short battery life, somewhat pricey
8 MB Memory stick is too small. Battery life is short.
Slow Trigger Button, 8MB Memory Stick too small, no time exposure
Horrible Picture Quality, Memory Stick, Poor Macro Capability...
NONE. Brings a tear to my eyes...
battery life leaves something to be desired
8 MB Memory Stick is small
Battery consumption, lack of memory, inaccurate view finder.
Price. Night time pics. Welcome to the sony memory stick trap.
Proprietary Memory Stick, battery life.
poor flash range, memory stick prices (not any more)
Poor Flash, No camera case
no out of camera charger
Lack of aux. flash, speed sticks only from Sony, 1-4 sec wait to snap picture
Light build quality for the cost
You need to buy extra memory; no case
Top quality = top price
8MB memory stick, memory stick in general.
Price, Optional Bag
Tad pricey, very slow to take picture
Have yet to find one.
Short battery life, software support, light adjustment
8mb memory stick, slow shutter/focusing, weak flash
Short battery life; fussy USB.
Battery life, weight, clunky shape.
Size makes it difficult to handle. READ THIS OPINION BEFORE YOU BUY!
trigger button NEED EXTRA memory sticks, AND extra battery 
Price
Blurry low-light images, weak LCD, shadowing
Terrible picture quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;easy to heated body&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Expensive memory sticks. Case not included.
A little expensive. Only includes 32mb Memory Stick.
could use a larger memory stick, extra zoom
3x zoom, small memory stick included, price
Haven't found any yet
screen, scene modes
The price
Can't always tell the quality of the photo from the small lcd
Focus problems and inconsistent quality of shots.
Memory Stick Pro cards are expensive,   P&amp;L guarantee is only 90 days, 
Shutter lag, picture quality (yellow tone), battery life
Honestly, none at all.
Only comes with 4 MB stick which is not sufficient for some features.
Absolutely need a rechargable battery!
Only 1.3 MP, only 3x zoom
Eats through AA batteries
Only 4MB memory stick supplied, rechargeable battery needed.
Picture Quality, Customer Service.
Burns batteries like the sun...
LCD Scratches Easily, sub-standard picture quality, battery life
not many. rechargeable battery highly recommended.
Outdated
None
It will suck a set of AA batteries dry within 5 min. 
Eats batteries, no optical zoom
Camera is a battery hog(get rechargeables for it)
Doesn't take good clear pictures, eats batteries, viewfinder is worthless.
Uses expensive Sony Memory Stick.
Short battery life, small stock memory stick.
Short battery, smallish memory, movies have no sound, slow flash recharge
Uses Sony Memory Stick, No Sound on MPEG Movies
Stock Battery life is terrible
Eats batteries like candy. Supplied Memory stick is only 4mb. No rechargeable batter included.
4MB memory stick, useless mpeg movie mode, no infolithium battery included, slow flash recharge rate
The usual battery thing, plus a little difficult to master all the settings
Investment needed $200 to get this thing the way it should be.
5min alkaline life,mpeg only displays half the small lcd.
movie-mode has no sound
very short battery life
No web cam capability, 8MB memory stick
You need more than 8mb of ram
Slow flash recharge.  No optical zoom.
Average picture quality. , 
Bad zoom, slow flash and no macro.
long charge time, the "enter" key is hard to use.
No optical zoom, port covers flimsy, flash needs recharging time, limited options
Plastic LCD, flimsy USB/Video cover, battery charger.
No optical zoom, no sound on video record, flash lag, 8M memory card with purchase..
8MB memory card is too small, No sound mains adapter, case, or video conferencing
Still slightly bulky?, Poor low light picture quality, No sound when filming moving video
Poor Quality Digital Zoom. No sound on Movie - But That's it!
no optical zoom
no optical zoom, no sound with the mpeg files
Camera does not allow you to edit the photograph after it has been taken., 
No optical zoom, hard to use "enter" key, long charge time, movies with-out sound
No noise to record w/ movie, needs a light for movies taking.
No audio in movie mode, no optical zoom, rather large, difficult to press "select" button
Long charging time.
No optical zoom, MPEG Movie feature worthless
Digital zoom, 8MB memory stick, enter button, usb/video out cover.
Picture quality
Had to buy extra memory stick
Shutter lag, controls/menus, flash, ridiculous battery charger, no optical zoom.
no optical, slow to focus on automatic focus
memory stick can be expensive
Flash still not great.
Short battery life!
Other than the high price tag I can't think of anything bad
Autofocus time a little long.
Expensive, Only 8MB, Steady hand required, Battery hog, Can't find substitutes for expensive accessories
Slow between shots&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Slightly slow start up time&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Average bettery life- get an extra one
Only 8Mb Memory Stick supplied
Battery life only about 1.5hrs. 8mb mem card is just about useless.
Low light pictures
none
Only 8Mb Memory Stick, memory stick can be expensive, short battery life, no remote control
low light photos, proprietary memory sticks
only 8M memory stick, have to hold very still when using moon light shot
short battery life
Videos are not clear if dark and in highest resolution is limited to 30 secs.
Battery life, battery life, more memory
Small 4MB Memory Stick, Pricey After Extras
Expensive when accessories are added.
infoLithium Battery Pack/64 megabyte Memory Stick a must... Video function is worthless.
Stamina battery and 64MB memory stick a must!! Starts to get expensive.
4MB included, eats batteries like no tomorrow, expensive after accessories
slow cycle time, cost (accessories), night shots
Eats batteries at a tremendous rate&amp;#13;&amp;#10;slow shot to shot recovery
Anemic 4 mb memory stick and poor battery life
Mpeg without sound, skimpy 4MB Memory Stick.
Cost, battery life, battery charger
Pricey must-have accessories
Flash use is annoying... delays actual picture taking.
Battery Life (Or Battery Death in this case), No Audio MPEG
Battery Problems
Slow flash recharge; low battery life
Very short battery life, Only 4mb memory stick included in package.
Poor standard battery life. , 4MB memory card not sufficient
TERRIBLE BATTERY LIFE, POOR MACRO FOCUS, slow focus, poor quality video, 
4meg stick is a joke. Accessories make this camera expensive.
battery guzzler, low zoom range, low power flash
poor battery life, 3x optical 6x digital zoom.
Abyssmal battery life.  Tiny LCD screen, flash takes time to charge
Awful battery life, expensive accessories
Short Battery Life, picture loading time
no sound with mpeg movie mode
Auto focus offputting in low light. Email functionality does not appear to work
no carrying case
Included software is poor, no sound w/movies, only 2X optical
Selection is sometimes a bit tricky
Joystick type control annoying at times.
low light mpeg not real clear, enter button should be separate button., 
Lacks some more advanced features, small memory card included, menu control button awkward to use
video is not really that great, but oh well.
A little awkward to hold
slow recharge of flash, joystick pad a pain sometimes, no wide angle shots
Auto-Focus, No Video Sound
none
Controls are not so easy to use specially the navigation button
Have to buy the better battery and memory card
memory sticks are expensive
Auto Lens Cover, Limited Warranty, High Labor Rate in months 4-12 of factory Warranty
microprocessor unreliable
Navigational key takes some practice to master
Optical is only 2x
It didn't work very long!
Slow recharge of flash. Problems with auto-focus.
It is slow taking the pictures.
none yet
A bit bulky
No Sound recording. Poor software package.
ImageMaker software not compatible with older operating systems, locked into MemoryStick technology
takes long to focus, and Sony makes the accesories expensive
Didn't find any.
Sometimes it delays after taking pic and this can be frustrating.
Cannot use flash when recording videos.
None
Slightly bulky and uncomfortable design, only 2X optical zoom, no macro mode
comes with a small memory stick (16 MB), needs a stronger zoom
design
Charge time for Batteries, small 16mb disk.
16MB Memory stick definitely not enough
16 MB Memory Stick is not enough., , Photo software package sucks., , No carrying case!
Comes with only 16 MB memory stick
Can't think of any right now
I haven't come across any negative aspects of this camera yet
The photo editing software offers little in the way of editing.  
batteries run low very quickly.  But that may be because I am using it constantly
16MB memory stick is a little bit small 
LCD display wart
haven't found one yet
MPG compression a little cheesy
Does not record sound
None.
Storage space, LCD screen, No sound recording capability
Only 16 Meg stick, batts take 13 hours to charge, no case or AC adapter
battery life can be short sometimes but it only takes 2 batteries
No Sound When Doing Video Clips (But Then Again, It's A Camera), Small LCD
Auto camera shut off, LCD stays on!
The Software on this camera just plain SUCKS!
Limited picture adjustment facilities, batteries take an age to charge and run out quickly
Batteries, LCD
Can't be used right out of the box, but that's obviously not a big deal
Picture's for email and internet were VERY POOR.
Picture brightness often has to be editted., Price.
Easy to press unwanted buttons while holding camera, limited movie time
Poor picture quality, not a stand-alone unit to download pictures to computer
A bit hard to figure out all functions.
Proprietary connectors, long battery-charging time, control buttons are hard to use
Have to spend more money to get additional memory, case, supper-quick charger.
Red-eye reduction not very good, comes with small memory stick.
Stopped working after only a few months, limited warranty
Small memory stick, limited manual settings. No sound on movie mode.
That "do not touch" rule when lens is extending or contracting.
Can not use out of box, shutter lag time (esp. on flash)
Control Button used in menu options takes some getting used to.
Initial memory and charger inadequate, no sound, Pixela software unintelligible.
Takes a few seconds to enable flash.  thumb-controlled menu button a little quirky at times.
Bigger memory card required...Poor Battery life .little LCD screen.
Battery life is too short., Battery takes 8 hours or more to charge
Lack of manual f-stop and shutter speed, Macro photography not very well implemented
Sony accessories can be pricey
Inconsistent results with flash, small memory stick included,controls difficult to make selections.
Long battery recharge time.
Poor battery life, flash issues
expensive accessories, video mode
price,size,materials,
Battery life
Night shots aren't the greatest.  Sony software is kinda weak.
No sports/action setting., Long time btw shots when using flash., Bad software.
Have to buy extra memory to get most out of resolution capabilities.
memory stick is expensive
6 hours to charge the batteries!
No diopter correction on the optical viewfinder.
It was difficult to learn to use all the great functions that it provides.
Scratches easily, sony mem sticks are expensive, LCD useless in bright sunlight
LCD hard to see in bright light; Autofocus takes some time in low light situations
Blurry images in low light
like most digital cameras the batteries don't last too long.
Zoom is a little noisy.
The hassle I went through to receive the end product.
hard on batteries, slow recovery time, limited manual mode.
night shot doesnt work well
Design could be better, not many optional accessories such as lens add-on, 
Still lacking a good zoom&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Digital zoom is still reasonably low quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Weak flash
Not much zoom, picture software is very basic
Uses memory sticks (expensive). Proprietary battery. Insufficient memory, no case or spare battery as standard.
image quality bad during low as well as too much light
Short battery life, small included memory stick, and not the greatest Sony lens.
Doesn't remember flash setting
Spendy accessories (memory, case, battery).  
Small zoom
doesn't handle "object-in-motion" still shots well
takes a few seconds to take the picture
High cost.
Potential problems when downloading pics directly from camera to Mac (OS X).
noise in low light situations, doesn't remember flash setting, poor warranty and customer service
uses batteries fast, low light is crummy
No optical viewfinder. 4MB memory stick is too small.
None
A little heavy for pocket!
lack of optical viewfinder, expensive battery and memory stick
memory stick to small, no movie mode
The camera was not made to be universal!
Only comes with a 4MB memory stick
Limited zoom, no viewfinder
bright sun pics, black sky moon pics
Indoor exposure, Needs better manual for optional settings,
no video capabilities - price decreases rapidly
Young there is none!
Memory stick less convenient than floppys, and has limited storage
4 MB Memory Stick is INADEQUATE&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Lack of optical view finder in bright sunlight.
No View Finder, Zoom Could Be Better, 1 Second Delay On Shutter Operation
none
memory card they give out is too small to begin with
will be half the price in a year most likely
LCD screen doesn't tilt
Takes a little more time than usual to take a picture and to get used to using the camera.
LCD screen in dim light
I wish it was thinner.
Tiny print on the instruction booklet
No viewfinder, Comes with only a 4MB memory stick 
No optical viewfinder, poor button placement
None
only 1.3 pixels
Shutter Button 1 Second Delay, Tiny Connection into Camera
Taking a $500 camera out with me makes me a tad nervouse...
LCD visibility in bright sunshine
only 4 meg chip with camera; not the highest resolution
Picture quality in low light
resolution, if you are looking for professional quality, memory stick expense, automatic flash
You MUST buy more than the camera itself.
none
 Small 4MB Memory Stick, Poor image quality, No viewfinder
can only use lcd to take pictures, no viewfinder
Small Factory Installed Media Stick, Asking price high
only a 4mb memory stick included
lack of viewfinder, hard to take pictures of moving objects
Memory stick (digital film) included with camera is only 4 mb, too small
Not many visual features, Need higher capacity memory sticks for hi-res shots
not the very highest in image resolution.
4MB stick too small - will need more. Flash images gray out a bit. 
Slightly odd shape, no viewfinder (apart from LCD), measly 4MB memory.
Sony's Memory Stick not widely used by other Manufacturers
a bit expensive, memory cards fill up fast
pricey, too good resolution for average person
haven't found any
a little expensive along with the video cards.
4 mb memory stick that comes with it should be bigger
No AC adapter with this package!
No view finder. Will the moveable screen stand the test of time. 
without video this is just like the DSC-S30, but $100.00 more
LCD screen not easy to clean
Comes with only a 4 MB Memory Stick, No viewfinder (only a 2&amp;quot; LCD screen) 
price/no flash during movie mode/4mb stick
Small Standard Memory Stick
No optical viewfinder...
Picture quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Slow shutter speed
Poor flash, subject always turn out dark, expensive add ons.
Only 4mb of memory&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Lcd Screen Hard to Clean&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Slow Shutter Speed
4 mb card too small.
Pricey&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Small amount of included memory
I hate where the lens is because I always put my finger over it!
Large (not for shirtpocket), Sony Memory Stick technology ($$$)
no viewfinder
Very heavy, not really made to fit in a picket, battery drains fast.
Not compatible with Windows 2000, memory card included is too small
No optical viewfinder - but who needs it.  Sony's website
Slow shutter activation time, accesory quality Issues
1. The resolution is not as good as the 3+ mega pixel cameras available today. 2. THe price is not competitive enough
larger memory stick required immediately
Only comes with a 4MB memorystick. No manual viewfinder
Expensive, weak zoom
no viewfinder, 4MB memory stick
only comes with a 4mg stick
4M card.
Digital Zoom distorts quality
Lack of carrying case
supplied memory stick should be a 16 mb not a 4mb
Higher price, come with too small memorystick
no optical viewfinder, and NO LCD is very great in the sun
4 Mb memory stick
Small starter Memory Stick, no physical viewfinder
Difficulty seeing screen in bright light
Low zoom; delay when taking pictures; pricey
Expensive
high price, possibility of Sony making the memstick proprietary
design a bit old fashion
kind of pricey
high cost, unreliable
None yet
small memory stick included, so you will need to buy more
none
no viewfinder == unusable
Software
Image quality not as good as my&amp;#13;&amp;#10;roommate's Canon Elph S100.
Memory stick = Too small, upgrade immeadiately
Wish it could take an MPEG longer than 60 seconds.
LCD viewfinder difficult to use in daylight. Short delay before picture is taken.
No Optical Viewfinder
4 Mb memory stick is too small
No viewfinder, expensive
Cannot set timer to take 60 second movie, must hold down button for more than15seconds.
Cannot set timer to take 60 second movie, must hold down button for more than15seconds.
No viewfinder and memory stick.
Some may consider it expensive but for what you get it's very reasonable!
A little too awesome
No Optical Viewfinder, "chintzy" 4 megabyte included Memory Stick
4MB memory stick is low for a 2.1Mpixels camera. No viewfinder missing.
the memory stick that comes with it is too small
None
No viewfinder
MPG movies only record 15 seconds, a little expensive
A memory stick instead of a card.
No optical viewfinder.
It does not come with a case or a flash
Expensive memory, not the best flash, Software.
Expensive ($700)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Not as useful if you don't own a home PC&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
should have purchased sooner! can't find any cons
Shape, price
Memory supplied too small
Needs bigger memory card
Viewfinder not &amp;quot;true&amp;quot;, heavy LCD reliance.
shutter lag, small capacity memory stick included
just like computers, new versions come out later
Proprietary Memory (if you use your memory sticks with anything else)
Takes good photos of dead rats.
Expensive, proprietary technology, not enough manual tweaking for pros, one step below professional quality 
no external battery charger
complicated
Instructions can be unclear at times, no carrying case
A little heavy, the photo ready function is slow
Flash is too bright, stationery LCD, shutter delay.
Delay time is a bummer...no action shots with this one.
Low light resolution, menu dial a bit hairy, memory
A little slow to shoot
Zoom is mixed optical/digital
small bundled memory (8MB)
bulky and expensive
A hair expensive, even if it has great bang for the buck
Didn't find any
Kinda Bulky
bulky
Battery recharges directly on camera.
a bit pricey...
small memory stick, needs ring light for macro subjects
Technology changes
Only 8MB Memory Stick included, short USB cable.
Totally lame flash, Sony Support bites
too expensive for a toy
Slightly Expensive, USB not compatible with Win95, Memory Sticks are expensive for extras
Poor Sony support; while price is competitive, it's still a bit steep
Three draw backs to this camera are: It takes what is called a memory stick, meaning you need to down load the photos or you need a PC to view the photos full size. Your computer needs to have a USB connection and capabilities to use this camera. The view 
No self timer and menu could be larger
8MB Memory Stick
Bulky, propritary memory, slow at times
A bit slow when processing
movie is poor
can't find any
Separate lens cap, slow recycle time, included 8MB mem stick is too small
cable is too short.
No hot shoe.  Slow recycle time
Action shots are very difficult
slightly smaller than a standard 35mm camera, manual lens cap
8Mb memory stick only, no carrying case, menu complicated at first, slow to focus
software,noise
separate lens cap, slow shutter release in full automatic mode
Sony site support is complicated and it lacks a rotating screen
"Memory Stick" - However, SanDisk and Hewlett-Packard show some respect for this technology! (See Note)
Not much memory, not really pretty and small
Small base memory
A little bulky, delay on pressing shutter button
Menu too imbedded, making choices/changes difficult
Memory too small, Use Sony memory only
8 mb memory stick doesn't cut it.
*Only 2 White balance presets&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*AF lock awkward&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Manual lacking detail&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Metering limited&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
time lag between decision and actual shot, Zoom 
Bundled software Unavailable TWAIN capability ("photo suction"), 90-day warranty 
Small included memory stick, can take some time to get used.
small memory stick, 16meg fits 7 images
Proprietary battery and storage; Lens cap is not very user-friendly
HQ Video Only Lasts 15 seconds, only 8 mb stick included
INFORMATION IN THE INSTRUCTION MANUAL CAN BE LIMITED.
None
8 mb supplied card is weak! :) Advanced features can seem overwhelming.
Exposure delay
Heavy to carry around....not really a pocket camera, control layout messy, stingy standard memory stick
none
Pricey (thought not beyond reason)
a little bulky, could do with a little more zoom
Somewhat large / heavy, no protective lens filter, 8MB memory - cannot hold TIFF image
Comes with 8mb card. Too small for this much of a camera
Some advanced features are not easy to access quickly.
8mb Memory Stick isn't enough. Wish the LCD was bigger.
can't charge battery while camara is on
pause when focusing playback pictures, slow charging
I really have nothing bad to say about this camera. It outperforms most.
Only comes with 8MB memory, LCD panel does not rotate, lots of lag.
Too little flash for dark situations, the 8MB memory stick that comes with camera.
Slower Shutter response that any Film Camera.
None
Price depreciation too fast
a little heavy and bulky compared to other sleeker models.
Optical zoom is limited to 3X.
Upper color band weak.
must have lens cap off when camera is on, can't add filters without adapter
Delay between shots, focusing, tricky white balance
Too little standard memory, no standard carry case.
NONE.
battery life is VERY short!  Very short!
Proprietary Sony memory, limited white balance options, and proprietary Sony external flash&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
In it's class it has none.
Battery life is terrible! Action shots are no good with this either.
No cover for LCD
Haven't found any yet
The zoom is not as good as the F707.
no optical zoom, no carrying case, software included is not the best
Optical zoom only 3x
too many too list...
Instruction Manual, difficult to learn.  
limited aperture settings, first signs of wear after six weeks
None
none so far
None that I can find.
Memory Stick, Cheesy Rubber AC Cover
Memory Stick, Cheesy Rubber AC Cover
small control wheel, image quality control
6 second power up. Terrible auto-focus in low light. Long lag time. Distracting Autofocus light.
price
Shutter lag
Must anticipate startup/action shots, intermittent focus problems, USB cable problems, CCD light interpretation
Stiff learning curve.
lens looks somewhat delicate , low light auto-focus weak. 
Slow Start-up, sometimes oversaturated colors...
So many GREAT features I can't get to them all! 
Make sure you fully understand Sony's limited warranty.
It's Big and Bulky, Short battery life for movies
Autofocus not as effective as it could be
Has a very delicate &amp; cheap plastic cover for charger input.
Should at least have included 32 MB memory stick, No remote control. 
Comes with a small 8mb memory card. Need at least 64mb or 128mb
Minor control, flash and menu shortcomings.
Not the best software; needs to include a much larger memory stick! 
Accessories are mostly proprietary to Sony  flash, battery and lens covers, Shutter Speed
Can only use NiMh batteries, and supplied charger too slow. No wrist strap included.
Not-so-good pix, more memory means slower startup, autofocus hates dim light
All things that would be expected from a small camera
Discontinued (replaced by U20). Thirteen hours to charge batteries.
Recharging battery takes forever
sensitive to light, no zoom, no wrist strap
auto white balance is easily confused
battery life, lcd screen, no viewfinder
No zoom, Battery recharge too long, , Small screen, , More expensive than other 2MP cameras
No optical or digital zoom, poor pictures in low lighting, red eye function inconvenient.
No zoom, no sound in movie mode
No zoom, needs external charger for batteries, no viewfinder.
so-so picture quality, no zoom
tiny buttons, small screen hard to see, no viewfinder, acceptable but not exceptional picture quality
No adjustable image quality settings (heavy image compression).  No wrist strap in box. 
Lens, Battery Life, Tiny LCD
It's tiny
No zoom, limited flash range
no zoom, no brace.....
No zoom.
May be too small for larger hands, no zoom.
no zoom
No zoom, less than great low light/night capabilities
Small video, no viewfinder, sony mem sticks are expensive!
No zoom, lack of wrist strap, 13-hour charger.
No zoom.  Screen is hard to clean.  
no zoom, causes too much red-eye, price,, bundled memory stick too small, doesnt record sounds.
loads of red eye, marginal picts in low light
Fairly expensive; slightly heavier and bulkier than some compact digital cameras.
Akward Zoom Control. Zoom Barrel not very sturdy..just get a Service plan.
None.
Can't find any yet! Oh maybe, it requires you always carry a spare battery.
Weak zoom, standard battery life limited
Small size, not as many accessories, memory stick pro prices
Battery Life Questionable, Limited Digital Zoom
No magnification in manual focus mode and camera locks during TIFF file writes 
 Fixed lcd , memory stick, battery charged in camera, flash?, slow lens 
Price, accessory prices
Accessory prices
Difficult to hold, long write times for TIFF
The cost of the paper and print cartridge!
none
price associated with paper/ink
"Fuzzy" documentation. Can't use some features with PC.  Finding replacement photo paper in normal stores.
None
Paper/Ribbon pack may be hard to find locally but better deals online
wedded to Sony for supplies, Only prints 4x6 and 3.5x4 pictures
price of media, limit on picture size
4 X 6 PICTURES ONLY, VERY EXPENSIVE TO PRINT
paper/cartridge combo price, paper has a "postcard" backing 
Badly designed, ridiculous concept
Cost and difficulty finding the replacement paper. Max picture size is 4x6.
None.
no 8x10's, somewhat long term expensive
Paper/Ribbon pack hard to find locally but plenty available online, prints up to 4x6
Only 3x zoom, large size.
Rather Expensive, So much to understand, Very Delicate
CD only - no removable media, hard to see LCD outdoors, redeye
Quite expensive. Physical limitations caused by CD
Fairly long disc-access time, large size for non-SLR
Lag between shots is a little slow. 
microphone location, programming of VGA
Intro flash screen a little too long so candid photos are limited
Crappy "feel" due to cheap detailing, like a plastic toy really. Poor ergonomic design.
bulky - large - expensive
The USB connection WILL NOT WORK with Window's Millenium Edition.  
Discs have memory restrictions and I've had trouble connecting USB port to my CPU.
Price
Large unit, shutter button by "feel"
not speedy as regular film cameras, Expensive
No ability to change Lenses
Camera "freezes" while gets ready to focus.  (Also, can't delete photos off disks.)
Sequential action photos is a big problem, capture write is very slow.
Big! 
cost, using flash makes it darker
the cd is final, needs cdr-w which are re-writable
1-sec delay image capture, availability of blank disks,
The only thin i found is that the built in flash is sotra  weak  (needs to be a wee bit  more powerful)
"Boxy" looking, Bulky, A Bit More Expensive
Expensive, bulky and heavy, need some time for turn and shooting, need buffer
Inconsistent quality, delays before taking the picture.
Price ($1299) (relative)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Big, heavy
Expensive, a bit bulky and heavy.
Expensive, Heavy, "Industrial" Look.
cumbersome
overpriced, lack of wide angle
heavy
Flacky on Win 98 and No Drivers for Win 2000
Shutter freeze hinders action shots
Flash is useless,  Lack of Mac Support
resolution is not highest available, but still great
pitiful wide angle, clunky handling
Price, size a little cumbersome
Size
ABOVE
some functions are not as well thought out as they should be
some functions are not as well thought out as they should be
Not as fast as film based 35mm camera. Low light conditions present problems.
Price, Size, and lack of real value in CD image storage strategy. 
Slow recording speed, bulky and heavy.
Price, Also having to initialize each CD and Then Finalize before removing.
More expensive than two separate superior items would be.
No viewfinder, No external charger included
Slightly Bulkier than most. Highly sensitive to movement during disc initialization. Pricey.
It's a little large, won't fit in your pocket or purse.
slightly bulky; features can be overwhelming at first
No external battery charger.
Big and a bit over sized!
CD format is not compatible with all CD-ROM drives
Price, heavy, big, no optical viewfinder, only 2 mp.
Focusing is a little harder than with a normal camera.
Camera is Bulky, pricey accessories
Heavy/bulky, no view finder, images blur slightly with movement on occasion
low resolution compared to newer cameras, bulky
hard to handle for large hands and rather heavy.
a little bulky, price
Extremely slow when writing to a .tiff
Constant disc errors-lost photos, large clumsy camera, poorly positioned buttons, bad for active photographers
Video is too small and not the same quality as the still shots.
A little bulky
No optical viewfinder, batteries are pricey and proprietary.
CD errors resulting in lost photos, a bit bulky, long delay time between photos
Unable to control shutter or aperture priority
A little bulky
Display unfavorable message when using non-Sony CD's.
For certains too bulky...more stable for me.
slightly heavier than expected. Instruction manual is long winded.
Price, Size, Disk Access 
Wait for disk recording. Less than stellar video.  Beware non-Sony CD-RWs.
Price, A little larger than other cameras.
high price, learning curve, disk write time
No optical viewfinder, Slow startup times, Slow image / thumbnail display 
High Cost, A bit slow, A bit bulky, but storage of photos is A+. 
TOO MANY FEATURES!  I Just want to take a Quality picture!
Expensive
Warranty troubles, Slow startup time, annoying "mavica disc recommended" message, not an action camera
i had to buy a Large case because it is a Large camera!
Limited video time
Steep purchase price.
hefty price
price
Slow writing time, movie quality not so great.
price, weight, size, response time
A bit expensive, large and heavy, slow 3-4 second delay between pics
No carry case, and the need to buy a lens attachment before using extras.
Sony interface is still limiting.
Expensive - Bulky - lack of extras
Somewhat expensive; big; slow?
Long delay between shots. Viewing screen can be difficult to see in bright light.
as large as any 35 mm single-lens reflex camera but lighter weight
NOT MAC COMPATIBLE (except OSX)
The strap does not seem secure &amp; only 2.5 hours battery life.
Not a pocket camera (1 lbs 7 oz) and expensive.
Larger than most digital cameras
Slow.
No viewfinder. 3 second shutter delay. , Size of a SLR.
Bulk &amp; cost.  Mediocre video capability
Bulky for taking "casual" photos
The 3 sec lag, and that pesky Sony "enter" button.
I just wish it had a larger optical zoom and maybe a viewfinder.
slightly bulky
Bulky, a bit of a shutter lag, lacks a viewfinder, viewscreen is fragile
bulky, slow shutter response, questionable quality
Using finalized mini cd in computers is still a challenge to use with other software
A little large and lacks a viewfinder
price, size / weight, easily "dewed"
price (still waiting to find out if it's worth the investment)
weight
everything
LCD Display drains out the battery.
battery, focusing
Poor quality, slow, bad flash, short battery life
there are NONE!
Picture quality could be a bit better
none
picture quality
Indoor pictures are difficult, usually because of lighting.
 Not a great camera for &amp;quot;artistic&amp;quot; photography (landscapes, portraits)
Limited to Floppy storage capacity.
Not for all uses
extras sold seprately
picture quality not 35mm, blurred photos
no zoom
bulky
No LCD cover
A little slow
Need to watch outdoor use,read instructions
too much money
I couldnt find any
expensive
Floppy disks don't work with iMacs unless you have an external drive
haven't found any yet!
thinking?? nope, can't think of any!
Picture Quality
pictures a little grainy
Picture quality not a high as standard film.
Uses Floppy Disks, Is Bulky and has bad Image Quality
Zoom sucks, not for the professional
Everything else, poor resolution and focusing.
no zoom lens it is a must
-
-
Bad picture quality, eats up alot of battery
Big N Bulky, Flash is crazy bright!
not reliable, heat &amp; x-ray sensitive
Heavy, slow save, low image quality, picture error, cannot have moving video
Poor battery life.  Poor quality of Picture.  Does not live up to SONY quality standards.
battery
none
Price, LCD Display gets smudged
overpowering flash, LCD screen during outdoor sessions
price, fairly heavy
May have unstable photo quality after time
Sony does offer higher quality devices
Careful of the flash - it can wash out your pictures
Bright Flash is too bright
This digital camera is larger than average
Unforgiving flash
Fair Image Quality (Compared to 35mm)
Don't even bother with the flash it's tricky.
Problems with photos surface frequently, camera durability is pretty bad
Not enough resolution for portraits.
None
not exactly cheap
Some people prefer cameras that use memory cards. Only takes still photos, no movie clips.
Little heavy. No movie mode. No viewfinder.
THE PRICE!, very bulky, the battery life and the 640 x 480 resolution.
A little bulky &amp; fairly slow shutter speed.
Adequate Resolution, LCD-only Viewfinder
Battery Life
LCD screen a little weak in bright sun.
low resolution, that way-to-bright flash!
poor quality at night, short 10 second timer
Large Camera, better picture quality, night blindness, faster disk cycle time
Heavy, broken zoom, 
a simple point and shoot camera
hard to understand instructions
Limited to 640x480 resolution
photos sometimes to dark
I can't think of one
If you go over 2 hours you'll be dead in the water!
LCD display should have protective cover for when not in use
Number of pics camera stores and battery
None
Bulky, not 35mm quality
Poor dpi
none
NONE
Slightly more expensive than some others.
A little pricy
will not take motion pictures
hard to change settings from e-mail to regular photos
size
heavy
Terrible in low light
Price
i cant think of any
Pricey toy, Not meant for fast repetitive shooting, lighting stinks
Diskette type affects image quality
depending on your budget might be expensive
heavy and bulky, a nuisance to carry around on vacation secondary to its size and weight
It is a little pricey but well worth it
&amp;quot;Professionals&amp;quot; may want higher resolution
Family a little upset.
size, dark indoor distance shots
A little pricey
needs alot of back ground light...not for use in darkly lit places
flimsy bag, low quality wide angle lens
$$$
It may require some saving to pay for it.
price
iMacs must get a floppy drive.
flash to bright for close-up photos, photos are brighter on small view screen that in reality
I little bulky, but you get use to it.
had the camera for a about a year and a half and cant think of  any cons
high price
the price is at the higher end, but a good product is worth it in the long run
short battery life, fragile to carry around
view screen hard to see in bright light
Large blow-ups show pixels
The price is fairly steep, but it is worth the price for me.
haven't found anything yet!
Quality of pictures is not very good
none!
Battery life/ flash settings
Price
Maybe a bit heavy, not very stable on flat surfaces.
not sure if the problems I see are related to this camera or not.
LCD can be hard to see in certain lights
It is expensive if you aren't going to be using it a lot.
no extra filters or lenses for this camera
a little larger than others
Doesn't come with a carrying case
pretty expensive, but a reasonable price for the product and product quality
slow to record
Runs on diskettes
Pictures won't access on any computer.
Haven't had time, to read, the manual.
bulky size - may break easily?
None
Could have higher resolution.  Batteries expensive.  Could use better zoom lens.
larger and a little more expensive,half the pictures on disk
High Price
low res, doesn't print the greatest
Technology is still expensive, disks can be filled fast too, user needs a computer to get all the benefits 
Distance shooting isn't amazing
Sometimes hard to print
What I paid
a little bulky
Cost
red-eye,which could probably be reduced if I knew better how to take shots
cost
not much memory
need to have 2 batteries
viewfinder difficult  to see in sunlight.
not enough disk space
Purchase price, service, flaky-ness, obsolescence
expensive
pricey, low-res pics, bulky. wash-out flash
Price, Pixel Resolution
it's kind of delicate for a camera
Average picture quality, lack of features, size, floppy disk storage
NONE...it's a SONY digital!
shoulder strap was hard to install until I read the instructions
Battery life is not the greatest
Resolution not good for larger prints (8X10 or larger), price, storage media limitation
???
Write time is a little slow.  Lower resolution are distorted. 
It could be a better priced!
Not 35 mm quality, price. 
None
Has poor quality in low light situations.
low resolution
A little pricey right now.
none
picture quality, cost
Needs a more powerful zoom
haven't found any yet.
Cost, red eye flash problem
Battery life
Digital pictures instead of real pics - clear enough &amp;gt;? Not sure yet 
Short battery life
Quality of picture
no zoom; power usage issues
Initial cost is high
bulky size, low pixels
none noted.
none
size, resolution
Not cheap; Full charge only last 2 hours
Yields Dark Images Occasionally
large, hard to focus, flash is complicated
pic resolution not up to par as compared to 35mm. image
?
printed photos have low dpi - not great quality.
LCD display needs a shade for bright sunlight.  Hard to see it.
$450 price tag
Batteries are expensive, you have to buy the AC adapter for $150 if you want one
Cost of most digital cameras make them impractical for most young people.
can't get quality enlargements from and awesome picture
price; lack of view finder
no manual focus
Costly, not necessary for everyone.
Doesn't fit in your pocket!
too bulky and heavy
The quality of the images!
None.
bad for anything not close-up
not exactly photo quality,  you have to deal with pixels
none as of yet
Uses a floppy disk as media. Poor resolution. High price
Rather expensive for the picture resolution.
Resolution, price.
unprotected lcd screen, big in size, low effective megapixel capacity
Short battery life.
Flash too strong for extreme close-ups
Picture quality, price
larger than some, use a square view-finder versus an eye-piece
middle-of-the-line
grainy photos
Features do not include a movie mode.
indoor shots are not wonderful - move up a model
Not worth mentioning
picture quality
expensive
None
Larger form factor, no through the lens view finder
Initial Cost
not always portrait quality (but close)
Could do a little better on distance
Mediocre picture quality
None
hard to find a carry case
it could have had a little better resolution
Size, Must use LCD for display
Might feel &amp;quot;bulky&amp;quot; at first
fair price but i hope they go down some
I couldn't find anything I didn't like about this camera
None
Viewfinder a problem in intense sunlight.
None
I really don't see any reason for a con on this product
 none, as far as I'm concerned
none thus far
Battery only lasts 2 hours
a little costly
moderate picture quality
Not good for very low light levels
you get addicted to taking lots and lots of pictures !
not a con with the camera itself, but wondering how printed pics hold up over the years
I haven't tried printing the photos yet, so I'm not sure of the quality there.
expensive
older
Although a 10x zoom is featured, there are no optional 200 or 300mm lens that I'm aware of.
no movie mode
Bulky and large
Camera is a bit bulky
lens cap
None yet...
A little large, but light weight even so
have not found any yet. 
None that I have found
don't know of any
Viewfinder, Hard to hold still
none yet
difficult indoor photos
Too many to mention
Viewfinder scratches easily
a little bulky, wish there was a cover for the screen
Poorly written instruction manual
too easy 
resolution
None
Difficult to see LCD screen on bright days; a bit grainy in low light
Bad quality, slow
the screen get dirty easy, but that is about it.
To print it out, you need a high quality printer
A little bulky and a little heavy
a bit pricey
Has a hard time focusing in low light
Does not come with a camera case.
Poor &amp;quot;print-out&amp;quot; quality, bulkier than 35mm cameras
I'll let you know when I find one!
Not for high resolution photography.
Grainy with no flash indoors
Images are far from top of the line; clunky shape.
None
cost
Rechargable Battery Life (suggest buying another battery, for backup)
little expensive, little hard to figure out how to attatch pictures
Just a Bit Pricey!
Cons??!!
none I can think of
Picture quality, picture quality
A little pricey!
Not the best quality definition.
Pictures not professional quality; floppy storage cumbersome for some
price, resolution, storage drive
No cons that I've encountered!
Short battery life...   :(
Low resolution by today's standards.
If immersed in water, it will probably cause damage
Print Quality
a little bulky 
Should come with a carrying case
none
Can't think of any
low resolution makes it a general purpose camera
quite expensive but worth it for the quality
none....i guess the price
Storage media limitations, focus and flash problems.
Limited picture capacity on floppy.
640-480 resolution
Battery is quick to run down... get the longer-lasting one and you'll be in paradise!
Haven't found any yet.
No AC cord included
Picture quality when on paper.
Poor image quality
Grainy pictures, expensive for its quality
Sometimes it's too bright outside and I can't see the picture on the screen very well.
Low Picture Quality
Low resolution for price.
lack of high resolution
Pictures quality
movie mode isn't long enough
less pixels than other models, so less picture quality when printed out
poor image quality, camera shake
No camera case included.
the darkness of the preview screen
can't take short movies
not very many
None that I have encountered
Still haven't found any
None
not cheap
Poor quality indoors or in low light--Flash doesn't help much
expensive, but worth it...
none.
Bit Bulky, No Video Clip Option
Doesn't come with a case.
only can save 5-7 photos per disc
none
Night time display not viewable  on the camera viewer.
no USB port or flash memory cards
View finder hard to see in bright sunlight.
just alittle aquard
save your money
None
Battery life seems awful short
expensive
Price
Disk Storage, Picture Quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Grainy in low light.
Picture quality could be better, bulky 
Pictures not very of high quality.  Floppy storage.
It can get heavy at times.  The zoom is not the greatest.
a bit bulky but worth it
Image quality, camera size.
None that I found, so far.
can't think of any
Fine mode only allows around 23 pictures.  Preview window gets dusty easily.
Picture subject difficult to see in low lighting. 
Bulky, hard to carry around
Very bad picture quality.  
Small window for viewing pics.
Pictures lack clarity, heavy camera, battery life only 120m
No view finder, No Red eye eliminator.
Small viewing screen
Size, poor printed image quality
Low sharpness, distortions in the zoom when wide screen, &amp;#13;&amp;#10;heavy for an camera
LCD screen scratches very easily, 0.8 megapixels
the size but not really a big deal.
High price, bad with low lighting conditions, average image quality
3x zoom, not great at night, large, expensive.
Just one
NOTHING THAT I CAN FIND THUS FAR
You'll enjoy the camera so much you'll spend all your money on floppies!
no viewfinder, not highest resolution, bulky
flash very bright, recommend a few layers of magic tape over it,  expensive and bulky
Maybe size....
Red eye
There isn't any
nothing bad about it
None
Larger and heavier than some digitals.
A little heavier than I would want but not too heavy
Price and speed
Good stuff:  Brand name, GREAT SUPPORT, Disks are easy to get, cheap and after figuring out what disk is what it is easy to transfer to a PC.  The range of quality is awsome, from standard to Fine pictures there is a range of stuff, also there is the abili
Programing
bad in low lighting situations
no MPEG mode, big
Cost (but not bad for what you get)
short battery time
Better software is available than what is supplied.
Daylight or Well Lit Areas Only
Not for professional photography, Somewhat bulky, 
A bit pricey
Has wasteful features, and a inadequate zoom
Price, no digital output
a little bulky,  lack of regular camera-style viewer
too big
havent found a bad thing yet
Battery life is short when using flash constantly.
there are a few features that you really have to read the manual
A little bulky
Battery that comes with it is not enough for me
none
One movement may change focus
A separate viewfinder would have been nice.
Bulky, No video/audio output, weak battery
No output to TV.
Inadequate software
weight
Like the new 10x zoom a little better
None, this is the best camera on the market
zoom could be better, battery life is limited
none
Only a 3X zoom
It's a little heavy...weight and price.
No interchangeable lens
Eats the &amp;quot;rechargeable  battery&amp;quot; (not double A)
Restricted storage on a floppy disk, so you have to carry a number with you.
Size, bulky
Wish it had a bigger zoom.
Not too great detail, not too durable.
none that I have seen
Short battery life
Pricey. Battery Life is weak.
Battery life isnt too long
Larger than average
DISK NOT A GOOD IDEA...
Jamming the floppy in backwards can harm the drive. (duh!)
Relatively high price, considering I paid more for this camera than most of my computers, but WORTH IT!
might be pricey for some individuals
only five pictures per floppy disk
Really need second battery.
Costly
Only 1216X932
limited memory
Carrying case not included
Storage is limited by the current technology
Flash and daylight shooting
need a printer to get pictures right away
NOT THE GREATEST RESOLUTION, LIMITED STORAGE
NONE except I wish I could have afforded the difference for the FD-88 which has a great zoom!
Still a fairly high price.
A little heavy to carry comfortably
None
A little heavy...but not a huge con!
NONE
It doesn't have enough features
poor mpeg movie quality
Non-upgradeable, lack of space
It gets you wanting to use it alot
in 6 months to a year, this thing will seem like the 35mm does now, an increased flood of 3.5&amp;quot; floppy disks all over your house!
none
Initial Cost
Carrying a lot of floppy discs could get bulky
You will need to know a little bit about photo manipulation software
Requires many floppy discs to take lots of pictures
pictures are hit &amp; miss,not for professionals
None unless you don't like disks.
Short battery life
size
none
a little large...
none
Picture blurry when you move slightly
battery life could be longer
Limited storage capacity
expesive (around 6-700$), several seconds are needed between each photo taken
none
Cost
Slightly heavy, needs lighting
12 - 15 pictures per floppy, but worth it!
bad in low light and action shots
See above
Expensive, Limited # of Photos to Each Disk
Not much in the way of accessory equipment
could us more storage.
difficult to master controls
low picture storage per disk
Higher cost.
imaging screen that is hard to view in bright light
Picture Quality and Poor Battery Life
Higher priced than other cameras with same features
no program to display pictures
Battery life, no repetitive snapshots
Carrying case not included
None yet.
delay between pictures
Can't think of ANY
None
Understanding how to get best resolution, difference between screen and actual photo
can't say anything bad about it yet
a bit complicated for beginner
expensive
The pictures and movie take long to capture
printout performance depends on equipment
Floppy disks don't hold many photos, if they get dirty there could be problems
none
none I can think of
not good for fast candids
too expensive to develop pictures
Slow, big
Expensive
Only hold eight pictures to a disc
No camera case with purchase
storage is limited to 1.44mb
Battery could last a little longer
expensive, hard to see LED in sun
a little bulkier then 35 mm!
bulky , FRAGILE
slightly too big due to disquette use
No View Finder, Low Battery Life
accessories pricey
expensive
cost
louder than flash card cameras
 A bit on the expensive side but worth every penny
Perhaps Price, Size
A bit pricy, you pay for what you get
battery life
Expensive, but not compared to others in category
Doesn't come with case/floppies
Price. But hey, it's great technology.
none
no red eye flash mode, only battery power
6x Zoom Feature could be higher for the price.
none
Relative bulk, doesn't come in yellow
bigger than most other cameras - can be a little bulky at times.
cost
No Viewer, LCD Only
Poor video
unit size, floppies take up some space
One 1.1 megapixels
expensive
Too much autofocus, no exposure settings
Battery does not last terribly long and it is expensive!
None!
Too many features
Hate the money it takes!
Bulky, Unreliable file reading
More expensive....but no one else offers the floppy disk storage that makes this such a winner
Flash, but not too worry about
There are digital cameras for snapshot use that are newer, and more advanced yet still cost wise for the picture taker.
bulkier than other models
Still portraits usually cause red eye syndrome
floppys are unreliable, floppys are big.
price could be lower
I wish it had a better zoom, need to shoot movies in landscape
Have to buy a longer-lasting battery than the one included
A bit bulky, Lens cap has no logical place to go, camera strap, no camera bag
May want to purchase extended battery
2-3 Second delay from the time you press the button until the picture is actually snapped
slightly higher cost - larger body
No AC adapter.
Battery life
none
None
limited storage on floppy, hard to use in full sun
For the pixel by pixel resolution still expensive investment
expensive
none so far
Small storage (you use a lot of disks)
Get more Zoom
no film
Interpolated pixels, using disks is a great pain
Everyone wants to borrow it.
Only 1.44 MB for storing pictures.
Case, sold seprately but is still to small for the size of the camera. 
slightly large and bulky as well as costly, but well worth it
A bit bulky and heavy.
none
no optical viewfinder
Can't think of any
The old FD-81 could take 60 seconds of uninterupted mpegs, this one can only do 15 second.
everyone will want to steal this one from you.
Hard to see LCD in bright sunlight
I needed two batteries because of short memory.  Two work great - one is 90 minutes, the other 160 minutes. 
none
Big, Pictures Grainy
Disks fill quickly, difficult to use in bright sunlight
Expensive.
low optical zoom
Expensive, Only 1.44 on each floppy
Advance functions can be tricky, photo development.
Big and complex.  Floppy only accepts a few high resolution pictures.
Would like a Telephoto Lens.
Only allows 6 quality pics per floppy, only a single 15 second movie.
This one is easy, the price.
Limited battery life.
No memory stick. Memory stick adapter causes too much lag in storage times.
Might excite disdain from observors but what else can last 10 years?  35MM?
Need a good Printer &amp;amp; the videos don't play in windows
none at all
Not as much storage as a comparable camera with internal/removable memory card.
display can be hard to see in sunlight
Zoom/Wide-angle, delayed shutter, battery life
No 800x600, only six images per disk
Delay in capture, no separate charger
Less goodies than MVC-FD90
risky technology
colors are distorted
battery life could be longer
Delayed Shutter  Could Miss  Action Shots
Will not record extremely faint point sources which are readily visible to the human eye.
A little heavy,lens cap in the way all the time
LCD screen gets fingerprints easily, may be a little expensive.
Expensive, Big and bulky
wish i bought it sooner
Dosen't take action pictures, no telephoto lens available.
Size, Shakiness on full zoom
High price may push consumers to less expensive models.
RETAIL COST HIGHER
Hard to hold still ... That might just be me.
a little bulky, LCD panel is hard to see under bright conditions
none
Large-ish
Battery life could be longer
poor product design
image storage speed (slow), autofocus speed (slow)
the viewfinder can be hard to use in direct sunlight
Floppy Disk Adapter NOT AVAILABLE
Slow recording on floppy, focus control, red-eye reduction, cost
Expensive 
A delay in shutter snap.  Waiting for it to start up.
The price!
PRICE!
Nothing
No view finder
A little pricey, manual is terrible
resolution/can be a bit pricey for the non-pro
Lack of internal disk space
No carrying case
what saves to disk and what prints are very different, price
Accessories hard to find
Size although not really a big con 
Battery life is only good for 75 minutes of shooting. Once I got started, I wanted to keep going!
can only get 4-5 pictures per disk
floppy won't hold that many pics at a high resolution
emphasis on blues &amp;amp; greens
medium quality image prior to enhancement
Everybody wants to borrow it.
Pricey, power hungry
Image capacity/storage, no optical viewfinder.
none for my purposes
No screen cover on camera
Expense
the price (you have to pay for good quality)
none
buttons and controls are small and hard to read.  Tricky slide and move function not necessary for ease of use.
not a one
will not take supre fine pictures
Still a little expensive
poor White balance on indoor shots
a little big, but worth it to save onto floppies
There are NO CONS!!!!!!!!!!!!! about this product it is easy to use and takes high quality pictures
Size, Price
None
pricey BUT worth the money, problem with red eye
Only 4 images per disk at highest res
low-res LCD screen, size
None
no optical view finder
slow to write data to disks
difficult to capture movement
no optical viewfinder
size, weight
Need a lot of disks, is a little bit bulky to hold.
Must have at least two fully charged batteries to get the most out of it.
Picture quality still lacks crispness
image storage speed (slow), autofocus speed (slow)
pricey
speed/ battery life
no memory stick option
Expensive
limited record capacity, bulky, doesn't make HQ prints at low res.
video feature not useful, cost
Operations in Bright Sunny Conditions.
Expensive item relative to its everyday best uses, has silly video and sound add-ons
Bigger than other digitals due to the floppy storage.
Supplied battery NP-F330. I recommend the NP-F550.
bulky
Only a few images fit on a disk
Almost nothing
Long range zoom photos are not as clear.
A little slow recording to the floppy (but hey, it's a floppy)
No optical viewfinder.  No image stabilization for zoom.  Warranty fine print.
Pricey- the the lower priced models do just as well.
Bulky, LCD hard to see in bright light, grainy pics in low light, flash burns
disk compacity, photo lag time.
Floppy Drive, Sony, Warranty 
Bulky, Fast Battery
Red eye reduction, daytime outside shots, blurry action photos
Battery life could be better, costs a little more than others
Not good for moving objects
bulky, to short of battery life, confusing sometimes, bad spot for wide angle/zoom control
Initial Purchase Cost
a little big, have to buy two batteries
Limited disk space.
Almost useless at night, poor picture quality
$100 more, kind of big compared to traditional camera
No battery lives forever. Memory stick capable, but this is ordered separately, the camera itself is a little bulky
Bulky, expensive
floppies fill fast (stick solves that!)
Pics take up a lot of memory
constantly having to re-charge the battery 
No case.  Awkward zoom control
limited space and slow transfer speed of media
Some menus are difficult to navigate
Bulky, shot lag time, limited image storage, viewfinder washes out in sun
A floppy only stores a few photos, Memory stick option is expensive.
None. Well an extra battery sure wouldn't hurt. 
When you push the button and the actual time it takes the picture lags.Bulky.
size, no case
Like anything else, it's behind technology once you walk out the store.
colors aren't always perfect, LCD screen can be deceptive, only records a maximum of 60 seconds worth of video
Size, Size, Size - and the Flash
A little on the bulky side.
Camera is expensive and pictures less sharp than 35 millimeter film
could do with more pixals
Price, Camera is a Non-Standard size, so Camera Bag is difficult to locate
large size
The flash doesn't work very well at a distance.
about 50$ a battery
a tad cumbersome
big and bulky
Just not the same as film
flash, flash, flash, flash 
Weight,lap time between snaps
resolution not best  if you want to make 8x10's
Battery life is a little short if left on between photos
the price
Pricy, Bulky, Short Battery Life
bulky
Low quality, washed out color, pricey
Camera is physical large compared to other digital camera
Too large and heavy for travel
Slight auto focus lag, kind of expensive.
Disk access time is horrible with floppy or memory stick adapter.
Big &amp; Bulky, Battery Life Short
low light usage
Large form factor, no hot-shoe
Be ready to carry floppys.
Would be nice if it supported the LS-120's or the FDHD 200 Sony Standard
None to date
other cameras have better resolution, and do better in low light
See above.
Bulky, expensive, suffers in low light
close ups hard to focus, battery loses charge even with camera off
Poor night time performance
Limited Flash, no protection for LCD screen
Price, Resolution
The battery door has to stay open when the AC adaptor is in.
price
Price ($950)
none
3.5&amp;quot; Floppy Media! Not a value-packed deal
Picture Quality
odd shape, doesnt fit in ANY case
Weak flash
Pricey, no hot shoe connection for flash
Price and weight
Size/geometry, resolution vs. alternatives
poor low light pictures
none I can think of
The Size and Fixed Lens
Price
Not the same resolution as a photo but....better than a Polaroid
Floppy media means moving parts, price
Capacity
expensive, limited MPEG value
Poor flash
Resolution, Cost
A little expensive
size
I can't find any, it's a great camera
expensive, bulky, somewhat slow
None
heavy, expensive
nuffin...
None yet
high price
photos slightly dark indoors-still great
No red eye reduction
Picture quality not as good as competition's
should have bought it sooner
poor flash; documentation
Not great under low light conditions
Picture save time
Pricey
Low Pixals, Slow recording
Rather large for carrying a long time.
Size
too bulky, can't take on vacation, limited quality and storage
Image resolution
Video feature is pretty useless
bulky
Price
big, flash pics not-so-great
limited space,bulky
Pricy for a mass-produced item; Lack of self timer for MPEGs; Location of Zoom switch
Weak flash, Not the best in &amp;quot;auto&amp;quot; low light
Not for prints over 3x5
size is somewhat awkward
expensive but worth it
CAMERA IS LARGE,MUST BUY CARRYING CASE[NOT INCLUDED],
1/60 second shutter speed  too fast for low light conditions.
Floppy doesn't hold much, low light photos can be grainy (but often fixable)
Don't know of any
Some grain in low light.
Big. Floppies can be good or bad feature.
Not so good in low light, may be bulky for smaller hands
Somewhat complicated to set up, but not bad.
I find the camera a little bulky and thus not &amp;quot;handy&amp;quot; when afield.  Otherwise, no complaints.
cost and a bit bulky
Bulky, reserved mainly for professionals in a climate controlled environment, fragile.
big, low resolution
LCD screen vulnerable to scratching.
Over-all shape could be better.
Bulky, not the best resolution
Bulky, Floppys don't hold much
Sort of pricey
Bulky
a little bulky, pricy memory sticks to replace floppys, only 90min charge time.
Floppy drive causes camera body to be large.
Obsolete printing quality
A little bulky, some think pricey
Price of memory stick
kind of expensive, eats batteries like there is no tomorrow
Pictures aren't as high-quality.
Kinda bulky. Needs larger memory stick. No view finder, just LED dislay.
Bulky, price
floppy disk, expensive 
need the memory stick, disks only hold a few pictures
Heavy, bulky camera, slow taking pictures
A bit bulky.  High compression of images causes some loss of quality.
floppy disk storage, rather large, short battery life
Expensive - Large Size 
Freeze image disables action photography
None
Diskette storage can only handle a few pics/disc in hi-res mode.
none
system lag time between pushing button and taking picture
Could not find any
Unacceptable lag times, POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!! Unwilling to stand by product
very, very, expensive
Very large camera, heavy.
Price, size, no case included
kind of bulky
Too much file compression,Poor motion capture capabilities
Size, recording speed, must use Sony flash
A bit expensive
The batteries run away very fast.
No external battery charger
battery charger; placement of shoulder strap
Very Big, Only Comes w/ One Battery
size
Awkward to hold, limited photo space
Can not get to many pictures on one floppy.
Sony Support is Horrible at best!
Um. Not That Many Pics!
SLOW! Especially With The Memory Stick/Adaptor Combo
Control button to close too bottom of screen for easy manipulation. 
slow processing speed
Takes time to learn functions and how to use camera.
Takes a long time to process print
large unit, costly ($2500)
high price unit and toner
Printer weighs about 100 lbs and not easy to move
Warm up time - but the tip from the tech guy has fixed this
Sucks ink and Xerox service is poor.
slightly grainy prints.
none
I can't think of anything I don't like
Solid Ink can be scraped from paper
I can't think of anything I don't like
Too many to mention
expensive?
high priced unit and toner
Doesn't have many that's why people generally love it. 
Noisy; wastes ink when cleaning jets.
color ink is pricey, but cost per page is ok
7MB Built In Memory
Cheap design of lens cover and usb/AC jack cover (neither stay in place).
None
8MB memory card
Poor, Horrible Quality
Flash range is too short.
Short battery life
requires putting on a lens cover cap, slow shutter speed for fast picture taking
Shutter Lag
Eats batteries, casing may not be the best.
Bad LCD. Battery drainer. Substandard pics.
Short battery life.
Cheap- junky.  Spend $50 more and get something A LOT better!
None, for this price range
No back up memory
NONE since the upgrade
Wish it had an automatic retracting lens cap. 
Eats batteries, BLAND PICTURES!
Delay after snapping photo, poor low light photos
grainy picture quality, bad indoor or low-light outdoor shots
The manual can be a little complicated
Dim LCD Screen. Lousy Lens cap. Hard to get a good grip.
A little small. Have to find a position for your hands to grasp it.
Lens should have an automatic cover.
could use optical zoom
None at all!
Very sensative to light for photo quality.
No optical zoom, Low battery life.
A total piece of crap.
It's junk.
Poor indoor pictures, close ups, and flash.
Battery requires frequent charging you need a spare battery. Mode dial has broken twice.
proprietary and somewhat weak battery, tripod required for non-flash pictures, no optical zoom
The camera only came with a 110 Volt charger. It burned up the first day in England, even though we had a converter. Toshiba is not yet shipping the 220V model, and as a result I had to buy a multi-voltage charger at a camera store in the UK. When I return
using the flash, price, quality of low-res pictures
Battery charge life, no case
tough to get your fingers into wires, lousy software
No carrying case, battery can drain quickly
wish it had more optical zoom...but hey it was only $399
battery life, only 2x zoom
Might be too much for those wanting a simpler camera
no zoom lens
Knob breaks off, and repair exceeds cost of new camera.
I haven't found any.
looks cheap
USB connection to camera, digital zoom
Short battery life, only 2x digital zoom, expensive batteries
slow computer = slow uploading of images 
Pictures with flash a bit muddy, need some correction
Low Battery Life, Long Charge Time
No optical zoom, no USB support for Windows 95, large investment for a first camera
silver color rubs off sometimes, zoom is kinda a waste sometimes
Mode Dial is very likely to fall off.
battery life could be longer
Comes only a wrist strap; a neck strap would be better
Battery life/slightly dark prints.
Lack of mechanical zoom.
batteries drain quickly with LCD use, only equivalent to ISO 100 film..
no internal flash
Sub-par image quality, no optical zoom, you can get a better camera for less
Battery life, picture quality at 800x600, no carrying case
no Optical focus
battery life just slightly low
weak flash, no optical zoom
Battery Drainage /w flash, Bad Lighting=Bad Photos
battery life could be a little longer.
short battery life, forced to recharge often
short battery life, weak flash, no zoom
Camera has been in the shop three times in the first year.
a little slow, difficult to use in low light.
nothing i can think of, oh wait, lens cap
have to press too hard to take picture, red-eye is obvious even with red-eye option on, hard to find accessories
Rubber battery cover, cheap sling, and a stupid plastic lens cover
Slow focus and a bit noisy
battery recharge time
low light focusing is poor
no carrying case, battery autonomy.
macro ability sub par, indoor photo subpar
slow to turn on, no automatic flash
a little pricey, but worth it
May be too pricey!
Turns itself on, low picture quality
No built in flash synch capability, no extra add on lenses yet
picture close ups could be better, no thru lens viewing
Expensive, not as pocket size as PDR-M4
a little pricey
Sleek design, battery life
somewhat fragile, not top-of-the-line resolution, no interchangeable lenses
sensitive to motion in low light
doesn't work
Difficulty with low light focusing, have to stop to focus, &amp;quot;Off&amp;quot; positioning
lens, software that is included
A bit pricey
poor quality pics, very slow
Cheap feel, CRAPPY lens cap
a bit bulky
wish it had more zoom
Too many choice for photo quality
Some lighting issues (but could be user error!)
Eats batteries.. but hello... so do all digital cameras!!!
Clumsy Battery Door
have to keep tape on the battery door,  poor design
Poor battery door, long delay for pictures, poor controls
Confusing to use
underexposes indoor flash pictures. Mode knob broke..common problem!
Manufacturer's Defect in Design, Flash Quality Very Poor, Only 2 Megapixels
Original memory to small
Need to purchase rechargeable  batteries, larger memory card,and AC adaptor.
Battery life, USB/Smart Media Card
Will let you know how patient you aren't
Optional AC adapter
bad battery compartment design.
very high battery consumption
Eats Batteries like snacks
Unacceptably low battery life from standard AA batts, does not include AC Adapter.
Bad service, expensive add-ons
Poor design, and poor connectivity through the USB.
Battery door, needs larger media card.
Battery EATER, USB problems, no ac adapter, Manual on CD
Cheap body
batteries,4 mb mediacard, usb connection
No Power adaptor included - Manual must be printed
low build/design quality
No Battery Charger
Unreliable camera and poor warranty service by Toshiba.  
No AC adapter, only 4MB card
Poor low light performance, terrible lens cap, proprietary battery.
Lens Cap
Lens Cap, Expensive Battery
Battery and charging time
Not particularly attractive.
no lens cap
Complex control interactions
(Minor) Won't download USB direct with Windows 95 - takes 98 or above.  Can hear the auto focus, auto aperture during movies with low background noise.
Prompts can be a bit confusing.
Relatively short battery life
low noise during video, a little bulky.
Kind of pricey
poor ergonomics, uses smartmedia
None
Nose smudge on LCD monitor
autofocus not reliable, ergonomics, manual features menu, noisy zoom
Expensive, bulky
Too small, hard to tell if camera responds.
lens cap... that's about it
$$$
MANY DIFFERENT SETTINGS. PUT AWAY FOR A WHILE AND YOU FORGET HOW TO USE IT.
a bit pricey, lens cap
USB transfer not very fast. No zoom. Only 1.3 megapixel.
Poor quality.  Quickly consumes batteries.  No picture viewer on camera.
blurriness, no flash, not very durable.
fragile, unreliable 
Unreliable, poor Quality Control, no zoom
Long time to take picture
Heavy battery drain when LCD on, use rechargeables for best economy.
not too easy to set up if you dont have the required setup
terrible quality
Needs Windows 98 at least and USB Ports.
none
-
picture quality
Production looks rushed. Manual missing features! &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quality control may mar otherwhise excellent product.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Few extras.
Production looks rushed. Manual missing features! Quality control concerns. Few extras.
Extremely fragile.  I had a DOA already.  No Flash, sometimes blurry pictures.
You loose your camera settings when it's powered off.
Off center viewfinder, poor quality images.
Mode and select buttons are very small.
Accompanying software is too simple.  All you need is Adobe Photoshop.
Blurry Photos With No Memory Card 
Ridiculous that one single button controls all the modes.
battery eater, horrible menu, but you get what you pay for
Control system must have been designed by a congressional sub-committee.
no lcd picture preview.
No real "fancy" functions. No digital display for previewing. 
Really bad directions
Non intuitive controls, no zoom, and tends to over or underexpose pictures
Slightly slow menu navigation, times out on you to quick.
Mediocre quality pictures, functions are limited.
A secondary photo program(such as photoshop elements 2.0) is necessary to get great pics.
options are not easy to get to, huge lag
Poor instructions.  Settings hard to understand.
60 second auto-off, Flash defaults to OFF.
Awful in low light, never ready when you are.
Hard to take good pictures
grainy pictures , frustrating .....
Manual not good
Poor close-ups, worthless as a webcam, hard to line up a good framed shot
This Vivitar is the worst possible quality
Poor picture quality, large and bulky camera, disposes of batteries in a flash
poorly made, eats batteries, pictures are not always the right color
film does not advance
Bad quality pictures, very battery-hungry
no a/c adapter,  eats batteries, doesn't last long
Cheaply Made,  VERY POOR CONSUMER SUPPORT, expensive to use because of batteries, not reliable 
breaks after two months, not durable as expected, turned out to be a heap of junk
Quality
Battery life, picture resolution, lighting problems, sturdiness of camera
Poor Picture, cheaply made, not reliable, high battery drain
Would have been nice to have an adapter included.
A real battery eater!
No lens cover
No lens cover
No included AC adapter, the whole "doesn't freakin' work" thing is a big con too.
Battery Life, durability, stubborn device, slow start up time, LCD is not 1.6!!!
A bit slow to start and between pictures, uses a lot of battery.
Battery Life, Durability, Focus Range, No AC Adapter
Poor Battery Life and no AC Adapter Included
Not too good at closeups of flowers.
Focus range begins at 4 feet, lens unprotected.
as with other digitals, battery life is horrible.  No directions with software
On the expensive side. 
very very short battery life.  Did not work with provided photo software
makes my computer crash
Documentations may not be as thorough to explain features.
No USB Connect, Poor Zoom Quality, Low Battery Life
Error in online spec sheet.  No USB.  No Win2K/XP. Slow LCD and next picture.
battery life
none for me
Zoom causes fuzzy images. Date and Time gone when batteries gone.
Mine didn't come with a memory card
Directions are terrible
Only 2x zoom, does not work with Windows XP.
Light duty construction.
Bad quality at night even with flash, sometimes out of focus, Bad 2X Digital Zoom
Eats batteries, No Zoom/Wideangle adjustment button, Slow auto Focus
Location of LCD screen; batteries sometimes jar loose and reset time/date.
No AC adapter, LCD and USB Kills battery's 
Very Stripped, no lens cap or filter, and the LCD is useless in sunlight.
batteries get used up fast, nothing else comes to mind.
EATS Batteries!!! Horrible low light focus
Turns off when it should'nt. Kills batteries.Etc.
EATS BATTERIES!!! Buy the save cartridge or it only takes 10 pictures!!!
Impossible to take pictures in the dark even with flash. Batteries die fast. 
Will eat batteries in less than a day if you are not careful.
Eats batteries, LCD not visible in sun, hard to take picture, turns off
Only 2x zoom
Horrible battery life, turns off randomly and must re-input date/time
You will get NO customer service.
Must read manual to operate properly, no AC adaptor 
HARD TO FIND ONE
Print quality is not as good as a more expensive printer
Nothing worked right
Noisy, a little hard to install
paper feeds from the top
print quality, paper tray
Poor, uneven, print quality.
assembly is difficult
Ink hungry
Bulk.  Noise.  So-so Print Quality.
haven't found any yet
Can't find one yet!
Noisy at start up and no USB port.
Expensive toner cartridge, doesn't handle cardstock, not good with graphics.
Graphics, replacement toner cartridge cost
short printer cord
makes spots on the pages
um, dust can cause issues. no real problems
Questionable quality and occasional smudging.
Poor print quality; expensive cartridges
No Linux support
doesn't handle cardstock or thicker envelopes well
toner expense, dust
off/on switch is in a bad location, uses your PC 's memory
Smearing
graphics quality, requirement for lots of computer memory
Everything. It does not print properly
expensive ink
Ink not available everywhere.
obvious manufacture cost cutting, lousy workmanship
none found
Ink cartridges not sold in every store
Too many to list
frequent paper misfeeds, poor color quality, slower print time
paper jams
Low Budget Machine with Major Paper-Path Problems
Slow
Quite a few
mediocre color quality
paper feed
everything but print quality, bad bad bad
ink runs out quickly, 'dumb' peripheral
Replacement ink cartridges
Expensive Cartridges, Lousy Tech Service from India, Overpriced, Faulty Paper Sensor, Time Waste 
master of none
price of cartridges, broken feeder, no service locally, poor customer service
It is a piece  of junk
doesn't scan pictures well
The scanner and fax are really bad
Reliability
Uses a lot of ink.
trouble with the ink cartridge
Cannot utilize all the functions!!
The ink cartridge is expensive.
Can be a bit tough to set up.
Price of ink cartridges
Expensive ink cartridges
Small problems, USB port and power problem
sometimes quits printing work in progress
Vibration, noise
Scan refuses to work.  Incompatible with Windows XP.  Compatibility software written by Xerox inadequate. 
Software is a nightmare.  Very unstable.  Technical support is NONEXISTENT.  
Drivers conflict with Internet, Fax Option Dropped
Ink runs out fast at $12.95 a cartridge, need 4 cartridges each time
No stand-alone fax capability
Support, quality, durability
Support, quality, reliability
Scanner never worked, Document feeder frequently jams, Always had to hard boot
Is does not work often.
Continuous problems, Not the quality product I had hoped for!!!
Photo reproduction is not as crisp as HP
Toner is a bit expensive
expensive in reality
not for high volume copiers
The automatic document feeder has learned how to chew up paper.
Glitchy error messages at times when there shouldn't be.  Inconsistant quality.
Toner and drum units seem expensive. Found toner at Sam's for $89.00 though. Quite noisy.
Extremely slow, noisy and black and white comes out very poorly with black splotches..
Bad driver for USB, expensive toner.
slow, expensive cartridges, color printing does not match colors on screen, faulty software
none
ink cartridges hard to find/are expensive, my scanning part is slow now
Very Expensive Ink Cartilage, Very Slow
SLOW!!!, Expensive cartridges
not the best hardware
Expensive ink, slowish printing, complicated setup.
pricey cartridges
Slower print rate, cost of ink cartridges
print quality is only very good when using high-quality paper, expensive ink cartridges
None
Slow, No stand alone fax
Scanning is VERY slow and not very good quality
tray location, defaulted to color printing and copying
Nothing yet!
none that I have found
Doesn't handle Windows 2000 OS, Slower scanning and printing than other products, Freezes WIN 98 op system, EXPENSIVE!!  Print Cartridges a bit spendy!!
Defaults to color for copying
Took two hours to properly install; sluggish speed (especially when scanning)
Slow Copier, Costly Ink Cartridge
Control Panel looks intimidating, but is easy once you know what all the buttons do.
poor battery life, dropped calls, volume fluctuates without the users' control
Ringer volume can only be adjusted by going into the menu; can't re-label phone numbers
Battery rated for only three hours of talk time
N/A
No Camera, Girly Design, Ok Reception
No camera
no camera phone or bells and whistles. Very basic other than color screen.
The reception is not to good.
1. The spontaneous freezing
Too small; bad voice reception, ringer volume too low and hard to change
not reliable, not the best screen savers, not many features
Bad reception and VERY poor sound quality
Horrible sound quality and reception.  Lots of dropped calls.
See above
Camera has a lower pixel count than some others, no added XD memory card.
No MP3 player, no WiFi, no expandable memory, camera, choppy MPEG4 video, mediocre talk time.
Camera, takes getting used to, mediocre battery
Price, pretty wide, need to create new phone entries for voice dialing
side buttons, shiny phone surface loves smears, video records nothing
keys "sweat" on the screen, talk time is 'eh', no full mp3's
Certain menu navigations; Width
No games were included with phone, Nick had to download a few.
No MP3 or iTunes, some basic functions are subscription-only, sub-par instruction manual.
Does not feel durable, earpiece volume not very loud.
No memory expandability, slightly sluggish user interface.
Isn't necessarily superior to other phones in call quality.
battery life is par, can't play mp3s, cannot add memory
I can't really think of anything wrong
At sub-$100 prices, relatively none, except that they will become less rare
poorly designed hard to grip and marginal sound quality
Poor engineering. Lacks some important features, others don't work right.
No true multi-contact phone book. Hard to use counter-intuitive menus - VERY SLOW OS response!
It receives far too much flak from people
No video recording capability
slow bootup, plastic battery case, mediocre camera, no street addresses
No MP3 or GPS
fingerprint smudges, okay camera, pricy with no plan
Battery Life, Layout, Bluetooth, Speakerphone, Speed.
Motorola user interface requires too many prompts to complete a task.
Short battery-life, Not the cutting edge
Camera is weak, durability stinks and BEWARE if you plan on using the Bluetooth feature.
No direct-connect headset port, dim outter display
Too many performance issues (see detailed review).
Fragile Internals
Durability, Ergonomics, Flat Keypad and Battery Life.
Phonebook features are basic
no external card memory, small menu keys
Phonebook is a pain.
Camera, Internet too easy to get too by mistake
Button traces on the screen. Service plans cost too much. 200 bucks.
See Below
old menus and os. no memory, no ir, no mp3/fm, bad camera
Voice Recognition not so good with background noise
Clunky interface, dim outer screen, no removable memory.
Phonebook support, battery life, SMS support, buggy BT
Camera needs a few more pixels.
Poor Buttons, confusing menu's
Not smart enough to include a few gaskets to keep it dry.
Only thing is it's a bit expensive, but WELL worth it!
Possible software problems,inconvenience of replacements,very fragile if dropped,very minimal accessories, Bluetooth sux
A drop-in charger would be nice.
Ugly pictures, no video, crummy battery, weirdly yellowing buttons, can't download or text message
Sound quality and phone quality problems.
scratches very easily, not enough memory for photo capacity and text  messaging.
Kept falling out of my pocket, can get scratched.
Um, see the rest. Basically everything haha
HAVE TO HOLD THE PHONE DIRECTLY OVER THE EAR TO HEAR WELL!
All the hype without the performance makes this an awful purchase.
Camera, Side Buttons, No MP3s, Videos
Slippery, low volume, poor usability/navigation, weak backlight, Bluetooth optimized for Motorola headsets only.
The phone lacks ergonomics and you end up hunting for the controls.
Address book and calendar layout, placement of web-button and typical phone camera.
No way to sync with PC out of the box.
Talktime, lousy menu navigation, useless features, cost
firmware; gui; poor camera quality; no EDGE or UTMS support; small RAM size
Fragile. Not Built for life. LCD screens die. No recurring alarms.
Slow Processor (booting phone), VGA Camera, No memory expansion, MIC could be louder.
Extremely poor functional design. Overpriced, overhyped and developmentally challenged product of poor engineering.
Poor contact management, can't feel keys, No IR port, Poor battery life with Bluetooth enabled
Video camera for stills only (not all phones)
Price, text messaging, and whiskers (see review)
small memory, slow menu sometimes
short battery time, somewhat slow - sometimes
Choppy videos, Interface sometimes slow or freezes up, Camera drains battery
Read the review.
Features, Keys, Less User friendly...
Not simple to operate, number keys can be cumbersome, gets smudged and dirty easily.
very poor battery life : almost not usable
Setting up the functions, doesn't ring long enough for me.
Phone's menu orientation better than earlier Motorolas but still baffeling at times.
can't hear it ring, small font, menu clumsy
can't hear the phone ring if it's in a purse or pocket!!!  small font, doesn't display number when called (I like to confirm I called the cell or home number), menu takes too long to navigate, if you store pix with someone's number, the display when they call is so small that you can't see it
Horrendous warranty/repair service
slow, unresolved design, poor camera, poor viewing outside
Buttons on side, VOICE RECOGNITION DIALING!!!
Clunky interface. Address Book management a pain. Volume issues. Persistent buzzing required new phone.
Bad customer support; internal speaker prone to moisture damage
Hard to see screen in sunlight
Verizon limits the functionality.
Hard to use, poor sound.
Its a piece of crap
Low volume, irritating buzzing noise, poor batt life
Side buttons, speakerphone, voice calling.
Behaves strangely, battery dies quickly, price
Cuts out randomly with calls, screen freezes.
reception is poor
poor phonebook design
haven't seen any!
Thin, but wide. Battery life is average. Price is kind of high. Gets dirty easily.
none
Everyone has one!
Crashes frequently, hangs dropped calls, poor signal strength, poor customer service/return policy.
Soon this phone will be known as an Edsel.
none really
Keypad is tricky sometimes, size can be challenging.
Sound, Speakerphone, Camera, Phone Book, Missing Date, Software, Features
Poor reception, dropped calls, static.  Poor volume. At best fair battery life.
Would prefer about 1/2 inch shorter
Battery life is not long enough. The camera is really cheesy.
camera is only 1.3mp, internal memory is only 5.5mb
Slow, Voice Dialing doesn't work, practically everything about the phone.
Runs slow, could use more memory, and doesn't have the MP3 player option
Same old Moto menu system...
"I'm sorry, could you repeat that?" "Say again?" "What was that?" "Huh?"
All of my calls are dropped, shuts off for no reason, screen repeatedly goes blank
Maybe to small and thin for some.
Screen gets dirty easily, poor battery life
not enough internal memory
Just make sure you buy it from somewhere other than Cellular Choice.
takes awhile to get use to the flat key pad, but not to long
Unreliable! Get the extended warranty! Screen problems! Not that user-friendly
Problems with keypad, face, charger
Confusing to figure everything out at first, hard to dial numbers without looking at keyboard
Lousy speaker sound; takes long to boot up from off position.
Breaks easily, and can sometimes have internal problems depending on the phone itself.
somewhat pricy, no video camera
Easily scratched, phonebook, outdated software platform, and no media expansion for camera.
Motorola has horrible/no customer service
Questionable durability.
No Video Taking
Not many features, Camera is not that great.
It will cost you #200
Scratches easily (needs case
Hard to use, lacks features, below average battery, expensive, software SUCKS....
battery life, side on/off button
Heats up, bad menu for verizon, upgrade in April 2006.
bluetooth did not work with my car, menus, phonebook, computer sync.
The technology and memory space!!
Reception, Dropped calls, Vibrate too soft,(can't feel in pocket)
Cant think of any.
reception was a little more troublesome than my old phone
Shows fingerprints easily. Cost is relatively high.
cannot hear person you are speaking to, slow internet browser, camera takes poor pictures
Poor earpiece volume, feels fragile at times, stock software is useless
one software problem with sound
Awful sound quality, screen gets smudges
Smaller battery so shorter battery life thank larger phones.
received/missed call log is COMBINED into one list of only 6 calls
Reception/Signal Strength, poor sound quality, lame address book software
Price
Camera light's a joke.  Buddy's a rat.  What, all this stuff and no Bluetooth?
No Bluetooth (and hey, we can work around that).
Side buttons, no 1.2MP camera, poor space for ringers/applications, no PC data synch.
Bad speaker phone. No Bluetooth.
No Bluetooth...but that is not a priorty...
For a little more money you can get more phone in the Sanyo 5600!
Haven't found any yet.
can be more durable, speakerphone could be slightly improved
Occasionally does not ring on incoming calls.
ring tones are annoying.  does not have very many features.
Simplistic factor (if you're into multi-function units)
screen blacks out, trouble running tzones
scratches and dents too easily, can't charge phone using USB data cable.
Looks a big cheap
became defective after 10 months
No time display while connected.
Clarity - no.
Battery life, cheap black plastic styling case
Control paddle a little fiddly
Frustratingly short battery life, minor Sonyeric functionality limitations, smallish memory and camera, no EDGE
Bluetooth can be very tempramental, slow data transfer, meagre built in memory.
Joystick, batterly life, memory not expandable/upgradeable, and no custom sms ringtone.
Keys are a bit small, battery life is not great compared to a 6310i
Battery life, candy bar design,weak structure,camera blurry, limited memory, buttons hard, slow application
sub-par Video, horrible ring tones, a whole bunch of petulant features
I really can't think of any, maybe price?? However you get what you pay for!
Weird ringtones, main directional navigation button can be tricky.
2.5hr talking battery life, unable to resize text on main screen, small memory, camera resolution
Ring tones, wallpapers etc.
Few HEADSET options. SCROLL button design needs a rethink and RING TONES are the worst.
This phone really doesn't have any cons, it's really just a matter of preference.
Battery life, styling, 5-way select button that is difficult to push straight down
the color, rubber bumpers on sides get dirty quickly, camera quality is very low.
The num pad is a little soft. Not very responsive.
it's just a shame that there's no radio included!!
Doesn't have enough storage for photos & videos.
unreliable and no support.
Sometimes message transmission is slower than usual...
Battery needs charging almost daily
no T9 word bank
Case is easily scratched or chipped; true audio ringtones sound garbled (polyphonic is ok)
Durability, Lack of Speakerphone, Ringtones, BATTERY!
Camera can easily turn on.
slow, poor quality camera, lousy usability
No bluetooth, no pc connect, no foreign use, Verizon only.
Mediocre service; battery life; Small memory; limited fancy features; doesn't sync with other electronic devices
Battery life could be better, Verizon customizations suck and callers can be hard to hear.
limited memory, no mp3 ringtone support
Poor camera, easy to scratch, ear jack is hard to open.
-video is useless
Lack of some features, echo and dust can get in external screen.
Camera stopped working right after my warranty expired, No Features no pc interface
Phone's key pad can get hot
low battery life
Major design flaw in flip hinge
Doesn't have anything special other than just a camera phone.
No speakerphone option, rudimentary PIM application
battery life, cheesy onscreen graphics
No outside display screen,
Lasted barely a year.
No speakerphone, no camera (but it's not a camera phone!)
Nothing.
Locks up
Phone gets hot after a long time of use.
dosen't have a speaker phone function, paint scratches easily, no camera, cheasy backgrounds
gets skin-graft hot after a while. has like, 3 ringtones.
Could be slimmer and lighter; no removable media and it does not view attachments.
Very unreliable
Charging defect, counter-intuitive interface.
Horrible engineering of UI/OS
difficult faceplate removal, no mp3 player, speaker phone stays on when phone is closed
Defective parts.
Unreliable, poor software
Speakerphone doesn't turn off when you close the flip;
poor reception, unreliable, poorly made.
lack of functions, confusing interface
Battery life
Horrible manual, no belt clip
See Review
Charger, Charging, Battery, Frustrating to use
No games, very little ringtones/wallpaper. Internet use costly.
Battery life and screen graphics.
No good ringtones...
-Weak Vibration
Not good for organizing, not intuitive enough.
Reliability, durability, battery life, construction.
Maybe just a little bit thick, and because it's new -- it's still expensive
New technology sometimes needs to work out the kinks
Pricy, odd menus, poor user guide.
Battery life, a bit complicated to program
Lack of good datebook, limited ringtones included. Not loud enough.
Bluetooth is dismal, unit is quirky, requires regular rebooting, lacking in usability.
Battery life
Software STINKS!
Ringtone Options, Picture Integration
Battery Life, Looks, Earpiece heats up, heavy for a fliptop, Crappiest Manual for a phone.
Only a VGA camera (but the pics are good for being VGA), No expandable memory
annoying side button noise, a bit bulky, bad organizer, currency converter, cingular branding annoying
No alarm clock status icon, alarm doesn't sound if phone is off.
weak battery, cheap construction, typical flip phone woes.
No true multi-contact phone book. Annoyingly sensitive, side volume/ alert button. Calendar alerts questionable.
Drops calls, poor navigation, expensive proprietary cables.
Short battery life
no notepad program; predictive text is confusing
Battery life. Signal strength.
Car charger and calls problem.
Battery life with prolonged bluetooth usage.
Vibrate then ring starts ringing too soon.
Camera is hazy, can't view missed calls list, bad battery life
cord shorted out
cheap construction, bad antenna, hard to lose
wish there was more memory.
Bulky, drops calls, camera not good
Ringtones, ringtones, ringtones...did I mention lack of ringtones? Confusing internet navigation.
vague manual
Volume horribly low, voicemail inefficient
Voice recognition, phonebook, manual
Battery Life, no belt clip, some dropped calls and phone freezes once in blue moon.
Weak reception, needs frequent recharging and rather boring.
Speaker is horrible..
charger acts up
Battery life, dropped calls, charging time
to numerous to write.-not enough room on this page.
The location of the voice record button makes it easy to accidentally hit.
annoying junk messages,scratches easy
Pouring Java apps into this unit is tricky.  Screen washes out in sunlight.
Dropped calls, reception, keypad layout, no decline button.
Extremely poor battery life, Poor customer service and false advertising
can't hear callers after only 7 months!, poor battery life, sluggish
connection to charger, menu layout, camera.
Charging problems.  Audio output problems.
everything else
Powering Off!!!, Battery Life
The phone just goes bad and it needs to be replaced by your provider.
Dropped calls, static, battery life is terrible
Reception, Camera, Java, IM, Crashes
extremely unreliable
speaker doesn't work, charging is frustrating
BATTERY LIFE, reception
Lots of technical glitches
camera doesnt not take good pictures at all
Size, feels somewhat flimsy sometimes.
Drops calls consistantly...terrible reception...inadequate volume...
too loud, sounds horrible, battery life, the manual, ease of use.
Everything. Except that it's blue.
average picture quality, bumping side of phone can cause ring setting change
BAD BAD BAD (did I mention bad?) reception
Absolutely awful software programing.
Motorola ripped me off, and I hope the company goes bankrupt.
Battery life has diminished somewhat over time.
can't close the phone when on speaker phone, ugly, plain
B&W external display, poorly placed volume rocker
Bulky, outside has black and white screen, and flash isn't that great
None.
Lack of Bluetooth, fast deminishing battery life while searching for a signal.
Camera is wimpy, side keys get pressed accidentally
Bulky when you have an Extended Battery, only holds 60 pictures.
PHONE SHUTS OFF! Terrible reception, bad side buttons, slow processor.
reception could be better, side buttons, volume can be strange.
Bulky, heavy, no bluetooth
No games, Drive Mode is pretty useless, annoying side buttons, chunky. Speakerphone, Poor flash
Side buttons are always triggering and beeping.  Poor software and poor menu navigation.
The flash on the camera could be better... but its a phone, not a camera
Gets hot, poor sound quality, even worse speakerphone sound quality, side buttons get pushed
craftsmanship, quality
battery life
LEMON when it comes to where you charge the phone causing you to LOSE everything!!
DROPS CALLS...DROP CALLS...PIX-MESSAGING feature does not work after a while...
CHARGER CLIP FALLS OUT. I HATE IT.
Side buttons, Bad reception, Dropped calls
They dont have the option to block restricted calls like motorollas do.
Speaker requires open phone, dropped calls, no self-portrait on camera, side buttons inadvertently operate phone.
Very slight fuzziness during some calls.
Non-intuitive command structure and operation, cumbersome driving (hands free) driving mode, weak documentation.
I'm still waiting for my second replacement
Analog external display, bulky, thick, design
Drops calls.  Reception is horrible.  Must pay to do ANYTHING on this phone and service.
The side keys are a bit too sensitive and it is a bit bulky.
"Digital command" button poor location and irritating.
Dropping features unexpectedly and permanently. I take very good care of my phone.
Drops alot of calls, side buttons can operate while inside pocket.
The earpiece volume is a bit low but i may be going deaf!
Side buttons pressed, switches to speaker, bad camera, quality, size limits, etc etc etc
Scratches easily
cant find personal ringtones for it
battery/ear piece jack/softwear issues
Slightly bigger than other similar flip-phones
no bluetooth/infrared no games, weak battery
Verizon charges per Video/Photo sent, LCD Screen on outside vulnerable to damage.  Rather expensive.
Doesn't have a speakerphone or Bluetooth technology
Little bit of a learning curve, slightly expensive, no vibe+ring
Had to replace once, nothing else. This phone is excellent.
No Speakerphone, should be compatible with new Verizon VCAST
Dropping calls like a SOB, cant see time on outside lcd without pushing side button.
no speaker phone, no vibe+ring, doesn't remember time
Nothing.
Rings could be louder, no feedback from microphone to earpiece.
Location of camera lens, ringer low when phone is open, glare during the day
None yet, though it has dropped a few calls. That's Verizon, not the phone.
ringers ringers ringers.  not loud enough and crappy selection. menus are not straight forward
Retail price is high, no speakerphone, no games.
No speakerphone
Bit large, surface scratches easy (get lambskin cover), battery life diminishes fast while talking ~2hr
doesn't hold charge as long as i would like.
Larger Than Average in Size.
tiny screen, terrible color quality, poor quality camera, no card storage and MORE
Backlighting, numeric keyboard, phonebook
Poor quality camera.
Low res for camera and recorder, sensative keys, low speakerphone volume.
Crappy camera, terrible colors and poor speaker volume, does not support MP3s
games, computer connectivity.
tiny, hard to read keys.
Bad quality overall; camera, ring-tones, graphics are all bad.
Pricey.  Cannot associate sound per contact - only groups.  Cannot add groups.
Caller Id on the inside instead of the outside.
Feature poor, bad value, mediocre reception, not-so-great interface.
No "Get It Now" feature, back panel sometimes hard to remove
No "Get It Now" feature; no internet access (so harder to get ring tones, etc)
NO JAVA, NO INTERNET ACCESS, NO GAMES
Overpriced for what you get. Flimsy antennae
Nextel Customer service, on-line customer service is a joke.
black only
You have to press the on/off key hard to turn the phone on
I have to get used to a new button configuration.
kind of "huge" comparing to today's cell phones
Not a flip phone, not many "bells and whistles"
Rotten manual; horrible built-in ringtones; stiff power button
Few USABLE extras, boxy/bulky, few SMART/multimedia features
Experienced phone users may find it too simplistic.
Not a lot of "extras" if that's your cup of tea.  A bit large.
- Proprietary data cable
annoying ringtones
A bit on the annoyingly oversized side.
Buttons are hard to push, operation is initially confusing
not very stylish or trendy
Manual written by geeks and hard to understand
For people looking for fancy or feature-filled phones, this phone has (very) little to offer.
not a flip phone, could withstand more of a beating, try a motorola?
Size and reception.
screen gets dusty and u cant clean some things unclear in manual
Fussy keys & feels delicate, Lack of sync software.
not a thing
Some what cheap feeling, bad face plates
If your vain and need the tiniest phone it's not for you then.
The screen looks dim and washed out.
none so far
No Speakerphone
Slightly sticky buttons.
Keys are easily bumped..wished I had a hard case for it.
Buttons a bit mushy
Gucky Nokia ringtones.
- None with phone
Lousy battery life.
too many to list here....
cheap feel, crappy camera, speakerphone not clear/loud, antenna, voicedial cumbersome, batterylife
Everything else
small screen, below average camera, default ring tones a bit whimpy.
Everything else, no games, Don't touch this phone, litterally! (read the full review for explanation)
plastic "cheap" keypad, small screen, phone directory
A bit large, does feel "cheap", extra features don't work well.
Weak camera, screen could be bigger.
- Inexplicable software bugs
Poor reception, Easily Scrated, Wallpapers and Ringtones suck.
Camera is useless.  Buttons on keypad and sides could be improved.
-Poor reliability
Battery, notification volume control, everything else
Poor Camera
Small buttons - easy to misdial, screen resolution poor
Flimsy Durability
The camera absolutely sucks
Complicated, 3-way calling, speaker phone is staticky,camera takes Horrible-fuzzy pictures.
Worst phone ever made. Trash, don't waste your money on them.
Dropped calls, poor battery life, user unfriendly.
mic gets dirty easy, camera pics not so good.
Slim line battery makes you have to charge your phone EVERY DAY!
Only expect a couple of months of use
Speakerphone is not a great quality
Small LCD, overall huge phone, and non-color.
No outer display
Large size compared to most units in the market.
Battery life
In the era of colorscreen phones and downloadable ringtones, this phone isn't feature rich.
Poor garbled/muffled sound quality...both ways due to Nextels 6-1 network...NOT a coverage issue.
Not a long term phone.
does not pick up in some places
Functionality / Service / Up-to-date capabilities
leather case isn't great, not always getting the best reception.
Lack of features found on other phones, battery life dwindles after a while.
VERY short battery life, no outside display
you cant hear well with the small speaker
not reliable!
lost the service due to plug being struck by lightining.
Non-Color Screen.  No external screen.
color, flip(breaks easier)
Best phone yet.
Slightly bulkier than other clamshell phones
Maybe they could've included one free video game at least?
The FA-LA-LA outside display disco light show when the phone rings for incoming calls. UGH!!!
Large flip design, no speaker phone, cheap leather case
battery life in my area, poor coverage
Antenna protrudes a bit far for my liking. No display when flip is closed.
keypad backlight sometimes delayed when opening
Torturous belt clip; battery on its last breath; no alarm clock.
Too expensive for what it is (i710 phone, and service).
Very unreliable, what doesn't stink about it?
not very durable
bulky, expensive
Expensive, no new faceplates, a bit big
Camera Quality, Plastic Housing On Battery
short battery life, quirky ObeyMoto voice recognition
Battery life is decent at best. Phones width is annoying.
Buttons are a little unwieldy, camera is low quality, and bluetooth is not fully functional.
Poor manual
Bluetooth Implementation
Unreliable extras, battery life, side buttons.
Cost, locked features
Disabled data transfer
lousy menus, horrible keys, overpriced, crappy camera. annoying beeps no battery life
Substandard reception and software glitches.
Poor camera, weak vibrate mode, horrible keys
Picture and video quality, Bluetooth crippled by Verizon.
Price. Same lousy charger as the 720s.  Ringtones.
Too many to list with 15 words.
Nothing major enough to list here.
mp3 ringtones are marginal, phone speaker is finicky about ear position
Camera quality, lockups, file corruption, price
Camera-phone, durability, re-charging.
Bad pictures at night time, Battery Life, Slighly oversized
Really just too many to list:  The worst software, crappy phone, horrid battery life
A little bigger than what most people would be into, but no big deal.
CAMERA & MUSIC QUALITY COULD BE A BIT BETTER.
-Flimsy Charger
Other than crippled Bluetooth, no cons!
Not Really Fully Bluetooth<p> Durability<p>
Keypad, camera and features suck. Bluetooth basic. Size is bigger than most phones.
Phone book, camera in dark/night conditions
Scrathes Easy
Verizon version is crippled.  Voice recorder is unreliable.  PC sync doesn't work properly
Horrible build quality and charging problems
DO NOT PURCHASE THROUGH VERIZON WIRELESS!!!
Menu display right in the middle of the wallpaper, Battery life, Weight, individual contact info.
Everything else.
Ring tones, Pictures, Battery, Battery, Battery....
Belt clip case lasted only 4 months, keypad,
Battery life, Cost
Screen a bit difficult to view in bright light
Color Screen in Outdoor Light, Phone freezes
No external caller ID (this would make it perfect!)
Old design, no camera, not offered by Cingular anymore
No external display.
Boring---not many features, no speakerphone.
These phones just are not reliable.
No external screen, limited ring tones with original phone
nothing
Sad organizer and calendar functions and lackluster phonebook.
Wap is hard to navigate through, and volume cannot go very high.
Manual, sunlight, ringtones, vibration
No way to save downloaded ringtones to the SIM card, no normal ringtones
battery life
Ring/Vibrate could be louder/stronger, faceplate dents easily, charger port cover is not tethered to phone.
ring tones and games are only saved on the phone,
LCD screens only have a six month lifespan, ringtones are quite sketchy
Shopping around for the best price
Price, loses reception easily
Small keys, keys placed too close together, reliability
can't see the display in the sun
Not durable. Horrid reception.
No frills.  No camera, bluetooth, mp3, speakerphone.
Quiet ringtones, Wap browser not reliable
none
not enough interchangeable face plates
To accomodate its large screen, the phone is not super-slim.  The menu could be better.
Stops abruptly.
Lack of Business Like Ring Tones
Minor features wish had
Listed in review
no speaker phone
Not a clam shell - no wow! factor.
Battery life can be better, I wish that there were some games already pre-loaded.
Well it does lacks in some of the modern day features that other phones have
Physically larger & heavier than some.  Nokia DKU-5 computer link software has bugs.
Backlight goes out a little too quickly .
Charger doesn't work in Europe, polished black upper part gets smudged easily, difficult to open
Bad reception/internal antenna, navigation hard to use, uncomfortable for ear, hard to open.
it's tiny. no USB cable or software in the box.  the included games are weak.
Sub-par quality photos, small, easy-to-scratch finish
buttons too small
bad camera, settings, navigation key, scratches up and shows finger prints
picture quality,battery life,bad games
Its buttons are too small. Camera quality is very poor.
Terrible reception and volume, screen freezes, settings change when plugged into a charger
Stiff "1" key, which requires wearing-in. Difficult to open.
Reception is okay, no automatic flash for camera, flip moves around a bit when closed.
Software interface can still confuse some
Horrible service in the CNY area, poor video quality, snapshot noise when photo is taken
Unreliable; Doesnt sync calender/phone/mail with computer
Very little phone-to-PC connectivity. Hard to find accessories. Small buttons.
Pricey, still bulky, poor picture quality, etc.
Battery_life_when_using_camera,external_screen_doesnt_relly do_anything,_flip_moves_side_to_side_a_little bit.
Earpeice volume a wee bit low, shortish talk time
Call volume insufficient in noisy environments; alarm function quit working.
volume not that loud
Mediocre display, limited features
flat headset plug that comes off easily, volume too low for me
Ugly headset plug, not really an update
No easy volume controls
Hard to text message
Very little - handsfree attatchment is weak.
* Antenna
Not enough features
No camera, no music tones, only polyphonic ringtones.
The 3120 looks better, but u can put the 3120 face plates on your 3100.
Awful, awful, awful reception
battery life seems low, pin charger failed
Inaccurate Voice Dial, somewhat expensive without discounts
None for me.  It works great as a phone.
Low Battery Life, Doesn't hold up well
No User Guide Book included (PDF only). Phone menu options: inconsistent.  Ease-of-use: terrible.
Not enough backlight settings, Charges sporadically or not at all without meticulous attention.
headset and other jacks not durable, requires phone jacket to prevent damage
Had nothing but problems with charging the phone
You need to be careful of hitting the correct number - but really nothing else!
design of phone, gets lots or scratches quickly!
Durability, reception, picture quality, speed dial
Had to replace after 6 weeks
Limited Camera, Menus slightly harder to use, 5-way navigator bit awkward, Build Quality?
Photo Quality Not Good, Battery Life Easily Drained
some might find a battery life of 2.5 hours limiting; no analog roaming
no speakerphone or flash or zoom on camera
Durability, Battery Life
Tight hinge/difficult to open with one hand, camera only good in bright light
No analog roaming ability limits the phone's range. No external "message waiting" indicator.
Signal sometimes, No Color Exterior Display, 20 Pics Tops for Camera
battery life, lack of standard(free) features
no lock for outside buttons, protective case makes for inconvenient charging.
Poor quality control, single mode (digital), high vulnerability to moisture, very low reliability.
very kiddish, bad camera, complicated phone book, sometimes drops calls after slight abuse.
Ring tones aren't so great, hard to find numbers with fingers without looking
Short battery life.
Battery life, Picture memory, Application costs
Leather case has to be removed for base charger use.
No speakerphone, but i would never use it. No flash, but that's a battery killer.
bad image quality, not much difference in terms of service, extra money for image transferring
has some seriously poor thought out design issues.
Poor quality, poor voice dialing, unseemly pricing of options by Verizon, can't easily download pictures
Battery life doesn't last very long
Constant quality problems.
Battery life after several months!
Navigation buttons too small.  Gets a little warm after long use.
NOT reliable!Buy the extended warranty!  The computer voice-really hard to understand.
Low picture resolution, no speaker phone, ringtones need to be louder on high
Mobile internet could be better
a bit too smooth and rounded which is why I've dropped mine a few times.
Is quite large, and lacking bluetooth
battery life, can only store 20 pics, not the best looking phone out there
wierd shut off problems
Not good quality phone.
Signal, Connection, Small buttons, cheap make, easily dented/scuffed, no speakerphone
They won't recall this phone for crappiness.
bad clip, annoying voicemail alert, no speakerphone, grainy pictures
Built by Lg, realiability/ durability
Small Battery Life
could use a speaker phone
No bluetooth? what the heck is that??
Only one game
Price, possible weak reception on GSM1900, memory
No FM Radio or Bluetooth, expensive
No radio, no voice memo, just one game included
no bluetooth
seems abit flimsy
Small buttons,small display,no speaker phone,not Bluetooth compatible.
T68i, no bluetooth, no Palm Desktop sync (yet)
No recurring alarm, not that well supported in the US (yet), no bluetooth, not cheap
Featureless
no bluetooth, no camera and short battery life
no bluetooth
nothing
It doesnt have bluetooth and I would prefer a better quality perhaps metal casing.
grahic clarity fair
None so far!
Not Much
Dwindling battery life.
The buttons are hard to push individually; you can dial a wrong number very easily.
Lacks Good Security, All Features NOT Avaliable everywhere, Screen Hard To See In Sunlight
no WAP browser, speaker phone, or dedicated volume keys, power button hard to use
seems everyone has one, TDMA??
non downloadable tones and no Internet
games tend to eat up battery life.
Not Much.
No camera; wallpapers and color schemes lame; voice dialing for only 10 numbers
None So Far!
Difficult to see screen in sunlight.
Has lots of features, but there could be more
Picture messaging does not mean camera phone
Not Web Enabled
The circular keypad is a little ... different.
No Web Access, limited selection on ringtones and graphics
accessories are hard to find.
large size, unable to download
Short Battery life, Poor Keypad design causes wrong number punched
Hard to turn on and off.  Phone was returned (found defective) after 3 months!
The pixels are still big, and background pictures make it hard to see the writing.
battery after a LONG while
none
can't get wallpaper or tones, keypad, buttons stick or hard to push.
NO durability at all.
firmware bugs, clarity of sound, lack of standard rings
Bulky. Nice looking "candy bar style" phone but not as cool as a flip phone.
No features that stand out
Bad reception, poor sound quality, bad design on the keypad.
Mediocre camera, difficult to access data on the phone
Bad sound, speakerphone, a few awkward buttons.  Not for people who use it constantly.
User-friendliness, keypad display, keypad heat, fewer extra features.
not cheap if you have to buy it over and over again
RINGER, VOLUME, RECEPTION, Battery Life
Poor Microphone Quality, No Games, Poor Battery Status Notification
Ringer not loud enough, camera a joke and customer service practically non existent.
-Small
Battery life is atrocious, seems like a very "breakable" phone.
Unreliable, buggy software, poorly designed camera
Weak Signal, Smaller Outer Display (hard to see), No Flashing lights, Bad Flash
Doesn't charge well and drains battery fast!
Terrible battery life
Everything else, comes with nothing...
Battery life,phone shuts off at random, drops calls consistently, customer service is terrible!
Badly made in general!
Features. Internal Memory. Reliability. Download Capabilities.
Limited battery time
Reception in rural areas can be sketchy
Volume doesn't get loud enough


